Python DeveloperStudent Research, Moseley's Bioinformatics Lab, UK-October 2015 to PresentWorking with Python and C++ implementing Protein-Protein Interaction prediction methodologies.Math tutor, BCTC-January 2014 to March 2016Tutoring 12+ students in Linux, C, Python, pre-algebra, college algebra and calculusCAMAC programmerUK physics Department-May 2014 to August 2014Programming data acquisition for Kmax and root using C++ and JavaKennel AssistantClays Mill Veterinary Clinic-May 2010 to April 2011• Responsible for all boarding of animals, including feeding, cleaning, grooming • Required independent work, self-motivation, discipline, and quick thinking in variety of situationsLibrary AssistantUniversity of Kentucky Libraries-January 2006 to April 2011Attending the front desk, shelving books, customer service, and miscellaneous responsibilities shooting, instructional.EducationEngineeringUniversity of KentuckySeptember 2013 to March 2019Bachelor of Science in MathematicsUniversity of KentuckyMay 2010MathematicsWV State CollegeJune 2005SkillsC++ (Less than 1 year), HTML5 (Less than 1 year), JavaScript (Less than 1 year), perl (Less than 1 year), Python (4 years)Additional InformationComputer Skills: Operating Systems: CentOS, Ubuntu, Debian, Fedora, OpenSuSE Leap Programming Languages: C, C++, bash PHP, Python, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, perl, Julia Technology vim, tmux, git, atom, sphinx, sublime textEmail Python DeveloperDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 1, 2018©2018 Indeed
Linux AdministratorAntenna Research Association - Beltsville, MD-January 2010 to PresentLevel 1 support for technical service requests • Perform Linux account administration • Run existing scripts • Linux Storage managements RAID and LVM. • Experience with different file protocols, such as NFS and CIFS/SMB. • virtualization technologies e.g vmware vsphere 5.5 • Set up Static Network IP on RHEL 6 on Linux platform • Monitor and tune the system to achieve optimum performance levels • Resolve Trouble Tickets • Writing shell scripts to automate the environment for tasks such as adding/removing users, capturing and cleaning system log files, and reporting system log reports to administrators and managementLinux AdministratorWyseNet Solutions - Washington, DC-January 2008 to December 2009Maintained tuning on Redhat Linux server to ensure seamless performance • Responsible for Troubleshooting and resolving user problems • Perform problem diagnosis on hardware, operating system, and/or applications  • Perform hardware and peripheral installations as required and troubleshoot problems  • Manage file systems and disk space  • Oversaw automation and scripting of BAU processesAdditional InformationTECHNICAL SKILLS: Proficient in: • Linux Administration • VMware Administration • Microsoft Office • Microsoft Project • SharePoint • SQL Server  BUSINESS SKILLS: • Proficient in Business Process Management • Highly Skilled at Business Continuity Management  OTHER SKILLS: • Datacenter Consolidation • Application Migration • Excellent Customer Service Skills • Strong Organizational Development skills • Excellent Communication SkillsEmail Linux AdministratorDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: September 12, 2014©2018 Indeed
Python DeveloperComcast - Philadelphia, PA-May 2017 to PresentDescription: Comcast deliver services like internet, cable television services to business technology for customers in different divisions. It has been connecting customers with reliable, high-quality products and services while centering customers. Provides internet, cable television services to customers and also it is home telephone service provider.  Responsibilities: • Worked on development and enhancement of automated tools for testing, integration and global application development. This includes detail description of availability. Also enhanced the check out and registration process. • Wrote scripts to integrate API's with third party applications. Python/Django based web application, PostgreSQL, and integrations with third party email, messaging, storage services. • Developed Python based API (RESTful Web Service) to track the events and perform analysis using Django. Involved in development using Python, bug fixing and unit testing of the layout commands. • Wrote Python normalizations scripts to find duplicate data in different environments. • Wrote scripts to Import, Export data to CSV, EXCEL formats from different environments using Python, and made a Celery action using REST API call. • Integrating the front-end with middleware using the Django framework and transferring the data to backend(Spark) and posting and getting the response. • Involved in writing the RESTAPI for the communicating with the Spark. • Wrote the components using the React js for designing the UI and integrating with the middleware. • Experienced in developing web-based applications using Python, Django , CSS, HTML, JavaScript libraries like ReactJS. • Involved in front end and utilized Bootstrap and React.js for page design. • Developed views and templates with Python and Django's view controller and templating language to create a user-friendly website interface. • Worked on data conversion scripts REST, JSON, and CRUD scripts for API Integration. • Designed the front end of the application using Python, HTML, CSS, AJAX, JSON and JQuery. • Developed and tested many features for dashboard using Python, Bootstrap, CSS, and JavaScript. • Carried out various mathematical operations for calculation purpose using Python libraries numpy. • Behave operates in feature files written by Business Analyst and with behavior scenarios with it. • Developed Python OO Design code for manufacturing quality, monitoring, logging, and debugging code optimization. • Used Python to place data into JSON files for testing Django Websites. • Involved in building database Model, APIs and Views utilizing Python, in order to build an interactive web based solution. • Integrating the application with Django REST framework for building the API's. • Working on SQL stored procedures that are used to access that data and deploy to SQL server database. • Recording of scripts using SOAPUI and validate through co-relation and parameterization. • Created entire application using Python, Django, MySQL and Linux. • Held meetings with client and worked all alone for the entire project with limited help from the client. • Utilized PyUnit, the Python unit test framework, for all Python applications.  Environment: Python 2, Django 1.12, MySQL, Python , MongoDB, AJAX, SOAP, REST, JavaScript, Bootstrap, PyCharmPython DeveloperTDS Telecom - Madison, WI-October 2016 to May 2017Description: TDS Telecom provides innovative voice, internet, entertainment services, and leading-edge business technology for customers in rural and suburban communities nationwide.It has been connecting customers with reliable, high-quality products and services while centering on delighting customers.It provides internet, entertainment services to both wireline and cable order customers.  Responsibilities: • Develop the existing application to enhance the features using the Django Framework and improvethe performance using SOAPWeb services. • Involved in the Analysis, Design and Development of the application. • Wrote scripts to integrate API's with third party applications. Python/Django based web application, PostgreSQL, and integrations with third party email, messaging, storage services. • Wrote Python normalizations scripts to find duplicate data in different environments. • Wrote scripts to Import, Export data to CSV, EXCEL formats from different environments using Python, and made a Celery action using REST API call. • Working with DBA to improve the performance of the ETL Process. • AWS Administrator account and credentials, which will allow you to create other users, groups, and roles within the Identity &amp; Access Management (IAM) Service. • Experienced in developing web-based applications using Python, Django, CSS, HTML, JavaScript and Jquery. • Develop ETL process using Informatica to load Dimension and Fact tables. • Used Amazon Web Services (AWS) for improved efficiency of storage and fast access. • Added support for Amazon AWS S3 and RDS to host static/media files and the database into Amazon Cloud. • Involved in front end and utilized Bootstrap and Angular.js for page design. • Developed views and templates with Python and Django's view controller and templating language to create a user-friendly website interface. • The Data flow diagrams ranged from OLTP systems to staging to Data warehouse. • Worked with behave for simple test cases and running them.Using Given, when and then cases for testing the behavior. • Wrote Python scripts interacting with Google Cloud Storage, DataStore, AWS RDS, S3 and Redshift. • Created Python and Bash tools to increase efficiency of call center application system and operations. • Worked on data conversion scripts REST, JSON, and CRUD scripts for API Integration. • Used ETL Data Warehousing using Informatica Client Tools (Designer, Workflow Manager, Workflow Monitor, Repository Manager and Repository Administration Console). • Developing Python Framework using Django to perform scan software unit monitoring. • Designed the front end of the application using Python, HTML, CSS, AJAX, JSON and JQuery. • Developed and tested many features for dashboard using Python, Bootstrap, CSS, and JavaScript. • Carried out various mathematical operations for calculation purpose using Python libraries numpy. • Used Python scripts to update content in the database and manipulate files. • Behave operates in feature files written by Business Analyst and with behavior scenarios with it. • Developed Python OO Design code for manufacturing quality, monitoring, logging, and debugging code optimization. • Responsible for analysis, design, development and integration of Market Risk applications with FLEX/JAVA/PYTHON. • Used Python to place data into JSON files for testing Django Websites. • Involved in building database Model, APIs and Views utilizing Python, in order to build an interactive web based solution. • Used TFS for version control during development and defect tracking. • Wrote Python routines to log into the websites and fetch data for selected options. • Developed proof of concept app using Python Cubes. • Created entire application using Python, Django, MySQL and Linux. • Used Python modules such as requests, urllib, urllib2 for web crawling. • Held meetings with client and worked all alone for the entire project with limited help from the client. • Utilized PyUnit, the Python unit test framework, for all Python applications. • Integrating the application with Django REST framework for building the API's. • Working on SQL stored procedures that are used to access that data and deploy to SQL server database. • Recording of scripts using SOAPUI and validate through co-relation and parameterization. • Security measures that the customer implements and operates, related to the security of customer content and applications that make use of AWS services. • Created a Git repository and added the project to GitHub. • Managed requirements and tasks using JIRA. • Evaluated JSON based REST, SOAP Web services on Amazon Web services (AWS) along with EBS and RDS. Environment: Python 3.3, Django 1.10, MySQL, Python Scripting, MongoDB, AJAX, SOAP, REST, JQuery, JavaScript, Bootstrap, PyCharm, AWS (EC2, S3, RDS)Python DeveloperCentence Corporation-March 2015 to September 2016Description: Centene Corporation, is a diversified, multi-national healthcare enterprise that provides a portfolio of services to government-sponsored healthcare programs, focusing on under-insured and uninsured individuals. It also contracts with other healthcare and commercial organizations to provide specialty services including behavioral health management, care management software, correctional healthcare services, dental benefits management, telehealth services.etc.  Responsibilities: • Implemented user interface guidelines and standards throughout the development and maintenance of the website using the HTML, CSS, JavaScript and JQuery. • Utilized Python libraries wxPython, numPY, Twisted and matPlotLib. • Designed and managed API system deployment using fast http server and Amazon AWS architecture • Creation of Python scripts for data access and analysis (Scripts, Data Feeds, XLS, FIXML) to aid in process and system monitoring, and reporting. • Generated property list for every application dynamically using Python. • Parsers written in Python for extracting useful data from the design database. • Creating restful web services for Catalog and Pricing with Django VT andMySQL. • Representation of the system in hierarchy form by defining the components, subcomponents using Python and developed set of library functions over the system based on the user needs. • Generated graphical reports using python package Numpy and matPlotLib. • Used Python based GUI components for the front end functionality such as selection criteria. Administration of dedicated collocated RHEL 4 machine and configured complex Apache configuration files. • Proficient in writing SQL Queries, Stored procedures, functions, Packages, tables, views, triggers using relational databases like PostgreSQL. • Used version controland added support for Amazon AWSS3 and RDS to host static/media files and the database into AmazonCloud. • Designed and maintained databases using Python and developed Python based API (RESTful Web Service) using Flask, SQLAlchemy and PostgreSQL. • Developed tools using Python, Shell scripting, XML to automate some of the menial tasks. Interfacing with supervisors, artists, systems administrators and production to ensure production deadlines are met. • Working on several python packages like NumPy, Beautiful Soup, SQLAlchemy, PyTables etc. • Involve in the development of the application using Python 3.3, HTML5, CSS3, AJAX, JSON and Jquery. • Maintained and managed Puppet modules responsible for deploying Openstack and other Configuring and managing Openstack components such as keystone, nova, neutron, glance, swift, Heat. • Use python packages like cx_oracle, pyodbc and MySQL dB for working with Oracle, SQL Server and MySQL DB respectively. • Design front end using UI, HTML, Bootstrap, Node JS, underscore JS, Angular JS, CSS, and JavaScript. • Used Python and Django creating graphics, XML processing, data exchange and business logic implementation • Develop consumer-based features and applications using Python, Django, HTML, behavior Driven Development (BDD) and pair based programming. • Wrote Python OO Design code for manufacturing quality, monitoring, logging, and debugging code optimization. • Build Back-end support for Application from ground up using Python, Shell scripts &amp; Perl.  Environment: Python 3.4/2.7, Django 1.9, Python scripting, NoSql, MongoDB, MySQL, AJAX, SOAP, REST, JQuery, JavaScript, Bootstrap, AWS (EC2, S3, RDS).Python DeveloperState of New York - New York, NY-November 2013 to February 2015Description: The objective of the Actionable Dashboard project is to build a decision support system for health. It leverages all the sources of doctors, specialist and course data (e.g., practical exercise performance; individual, state and national results, specilistdemographic and behavioral data, notes, performance metrics, etc.), coupled with advanced analytics, to deliver actionable dashboards with more-timely activities.  Responsibilities: • Created server-monitoring daemon with Psutil, supported by Django app for analytics, which I created. Also researched big data solutions with Cassandradatabase. • Created a Python/Django based web application using Python scripting for data processing, MySQL for the database, and HTML/CSS/JQuery and High Charts for data visualization of the served pages. • Strong Socket programming experience in Python. Implemented complex networking operations like raceroute, SMTP mail server and web server. • Developed tools using Python, Shell scripting, XML, BIG DATA to automate some of the menial tasks. • Used Python and Django to interface with the jQuery UI and manage the storage and deletion of content. • Developed a fully automated continuous integration system using Git, Jenkins, MySQL and custom tools developed in Python and Bash. • Creation of Python scripts for data access and analysis (Scripts, Data Feeds, XLS, FIXML) to aid in process and system monitoring, and reporting. • Rewrite existing Java application in Python module to deliver certain format of data. • Wrote Python scripts to parse XML documents and load the data in database. • Generated property list for every application dynamically using Python. • Involved in Developing Restful services using Python Django framework. • Developing web-based open stack applications using Python and Django for large dataset analysis. • Developed Merge jobs in Python to extract and load data into MySQL database. • Developed Simple to complex Map/reduce streaming jobs using Python language using Hive and Pig. • Used Test driven approach for developing the application and Implemented the unit tests using Python Unit test framework. • Used existing Deal Model in Python to inherit and create object data structure for regulatory reporting. • Used standard Python modules e.g. csv, robotparser, itertools, pickle, jinja2, lxml for development. • Automated RabbitMQ cluster installations and configuration using Python/Bash. • Used PandasAPI to put the data as time series and tabular format for east timestamp data manipulation and retrieval. • Experience in using various version control systems like CVS, Gitand Amazon EC2 and deployment using Heroku. • Carried out various mathematical operations for calculation purpose using python libraries. • Built various graphs for business decision making using Pythonmatplotlib library. • Fetched twitter feeds for certain important keyword using python-twitter library. • Used Python library Beautiful Soup for web scrapping to extract data for building graphs. • Performed troubleshooting, fixed and deployed many Pythonbug fixes of the two main applications that were a main source of data for both customers and internal customer service team.  Environment: Python, Django, Cassandra, RabbitMQ, Vugen, SoapUI, Node.JS, REST API, HTTP, TCP, Bash, PyDev, Spyder, Agile, GitHub.Python DeveloperSIM Solutions Pvt. Ltd - Hyderabad, Telangana-October 2011 to October 2013Description: SIM Solutions Pvt. Ltdis a medical device development. We develop medical devices and provide product development services to firms.  Responsibilities: • Translated the customer requirements into design specifications and ensured that the requirements translate into software solution. • Application was based on service oriented architecture and used Python 2.5, Django 1.5, JSF 2, Spring 2, Ajax, HTML, CSS for the frontend. • Designed the front end of the application using Python, Java, HTML, CSS, AJAX, JSON and JQuery. Worked on backend of the application, mainly using Active Records. • Involved in the design, development and testing phases of application using AGILE methodology. • Developed and designed an API (RESTful Web Service). • Designed and maintained databases using Python and developed Python based API (RESTful Web Service) using Flask, SQLAlchemy and PostgreSQL. • Tested and implemented applications built using Python. • Developed and tested many features for dashboard using Python, ROBOT framework, Bootstrap, CSS, and JavaScript. • Automated Regression analysis for determining fund returns based on index returns (Python/Excel). • Worked on development of SQL and stored procedures, trigger and function on MYSQL. • Developed server based web traffic statistical analysis tool using Flask, Pandas. • Implemented and tested python based web applications interacting with MySQL. • Developed dynamic interaction page on .net MSvisualbasic-2014, using SQL developer tools. • Simple web app for reviewing sitcoms that gives users the ability to view, add, review, up/down vote, search, etc. • Involved in doing AGILE (SCRUM) practices and planning of sprint attending daily agile (SCRUM) meetings and SPRINT retrospective meetings to produce quality deliverables within time.  Environment:Linux, Python, Mod Python, PHP, MySQL, JavaScript, Ajax, Shell Script, HTML, CSSJava DeveloperSUNERA TECHNOLOGIES - Hyderabad, Telangana-June 2010 to September 2011Description: Sunera Technologies is wide range of banking products and financial services for corporate and retail customers through a variety of delivery channels and specialized subsidiaries in the areas of investment banking, life, non-life insurance, venture capital and asset management.  Responsibilities: • Developed application service components and configured beans using Spring IOC, creation of Hibernate mapping files and generation of database schema. • Implemented modules using Core Java APIs, Java collection, Threads, XML, and integrating the modules. • Developed Reporting framework using JAVA and J2EE which will generate daily, monthly and yearly reports and prepared different framework design documents. • Created tables, views, Types, triggers, complex join queries, stored procedures, and functions and modifications to existing database structure as required for addition of new features using SQL developer. • Involved in web designing using HTML, XHTML, CSS 2, JQuery, JavaScript extensively used Table less Design in CSS for positioning. • Used MVC Architecture in spring framework and implemented custom tag libraries. • Generated Use case diagrams, Activity flow diagrams, Class diagrams and Object diagrams in the design phase. • Used Java/J2EE Design Patterns such as Business Delegate, Session Facade, singleton in the project extensively, which facilitates clean distribution of roles and responsibilities across various layers of processing. • Configured Hibernate second level cache using EHCache to reduce the number of hits to the configuration table data. • Extensively Used Ant tool to build and configure J2EE applications and used Log4J for logging in the application. • Implemented client side validations for Search and Security modules using JavaScript and Validation Framework. • Responsible for design and implementation of various modules of the application using Struts-Spring-Hibernate architecture. • Automated the HTML and JSP pages indexing process of search module using ApacheAnt tool and singleton design pattern. • Tested JSPs and Servlets used in search, security and scheduler modules using Cactus API. • Done extensive coding using Java, J2EE for enhancements and bug fixes in agile development environment.  Environment:Java, J2EE, JSP, Struts, Hibernate, HTML, Eclipse, Apache Ant, JavaScript, JQuery, Oracle 10g, Windows XPSkillsCSS (8 years), HTML (8 years), DJANGO (6 years), MYSQL (6 years), PYTHON (6 years)Additional InformationTechnical Skills: • Primary Languages: Python, Java, C,C#,C++ • Python Libraries: numpy, scipy, matplotlib, Pandas data frame, urllib2 • Frameworks: Bootstrap, Django, Node.JS, Flask, Pyramid • Database: Sqlite3, MSSQL, MySQL, Mongo DB, Oracle 11g,NoSQL • IDE's: PyCharm, Eclipse, MS Visual Studio • Deployment tools: MS Azure, Amazon Web Services (EC2, S3, EBS, ELB, SES) • Web Technologies: HTML, CSS, DHTML, XML, Java Script  • Operating systems: Windows, Mac, Fedora Linux, Red hat Linux, Cent OS • SDLC Methods: SCRUM, Agile • Bug Tracking Tools: JIRA, Bugzilla. • Version Controls: SVN, Github, GitEmail Python DeveloperDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 21, 2018©2018 Indeed
Software EngineerAmber Engine - Detroit, MI-June 2015 to PresentCreated in-house CLI tools in both Python and Golang for managing production applications and automating deployments. ● Developed a Product Information Management API. ○ Powered by Golang, with utility scripts written in both Python and Go. ○ Utilized MongoDB for document caching &amp; Postgres for component-based product info storage. ○ Managed over 1 million products in production, served from a cluster of AWS-hosted containerized apps. ● Several APIs &amp; multiple web apps created using both the python Flask &amp; Pyramid frameworks. ○ Frontend designs utilized the bootstrap framework. ○ User interaction accomplished using using vanilla JS, Coffeescript, and ReactJS ● Use Docker for app development, with CI/CD for testing and automated deployments. ● Follow many principles of Extreme Programming (XP), including paired-programming, test-driven development, continuous deployments of small releases, etc.Software Testing & Validation InternNavigation Solutions - Bloomfield Hills, MI-March 2013 to June 2015Developed automated software test stands for GPS units using Agilent Vee. ● Performed functional hardware testing of the GPS units to find and report defects. ● Used C++ and C to patch the debugging messaging system on the GPS units.Customer Satisfaction, Global Eng. & Mfg. InternFederal-Mogul - Southfield, MI-June 2011 to August 2012Performed data analysis &amp; research on 3rd-party manufacturing and scheduling data to determine underperforming factories. ● Developed an frontend portal for viewing a training videos about internal project mgmt software. ● Generated dynamic reports using Access for highlighting suppliers' production quality statistics.EducationBachelor's in Computer EngineeringLawrence Technological University - Southfield, MISeptember 2011 to June 2016Lawrence Tech2015 to 2016SkillsPython (4 years), Golang (2 years), PostgresSQL (2 years), MongoDB (1 year), AWS (2 years), C++ (1 year), Agilent Vee (2 years), Linux (4 years), Agile (1 year), Testing (3 years)Linkshttps://github.com/clagraff/https://lagraff.meEmail Software EngineerDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: May 27, 2018©2018 Indeed
Full Stack DeveloperResourceIO.com - Knoxville, TN-April 2014 to April 2018Common Lisp, SQL, GoLang, OpenScad, Consultant English, Spanish, French April 2014 - Apr 2018  I built embedded systems for industrial IoT in Python and wrote shell scripts to init the system. I am finishing building out the data query API(v1) in Other Skills Golang. Git, Solr, OAuth, Neural Networks, Natural Reference: Karl Dittrich - 865-680-6331 Language Processing, 3D Printing, API engineering (Swagger &amp; Golang),Product DeveloperResourceIO.com - New York, NY-September 2017 to February 2018Linux, Microservices I designed hardware for a robotic microscope to be used in Aspex Inc's new product line. I also wrote python code for a 3d laser profiler application. Notable Reference: BJ Henrici - 212-966-0410Software DeveloperResourceIO.com - Knoxville, TN-January 2015 to May 2016In 84 hours I hiked 71 miles through the Smokey Mountian National Park section of I wrote backend features for hospitaljobsonline.com. I also helped to develop the Appalachian Trail. a real estate web app. We used PHP, MySql, and Jquery.Data Analytics InternGeorge Corley - Oak Ridge, TN-January 2013 to August 2013865- 966- 1690 I sold a couple of robots on Indiegogo last summer.  Oak Ridge National Lab, Oak Ridge TN - Data Analytics Intern Jan 2013 - Aug 2013 I supervised track and field practice for I built a back end system for passing data to other intern's visualizations. Elementary and Middle schoolers during the Summer of 2010.  Reference: Chad Steed csteed@acm.orgEducationComputer EngineeringThe University of Tennessee2010 to 2014Email Full Stack DeveloperDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: May 13, 2018©2018 Indeed
Software DeveloperERT, Inc - Silver Spring, MD-May 2018 to PresentNOAA Affiliate assigned to the Software Engineering Support Branch for the https://data.noaa.gov/onestop project initiated to improve discovery and access to NOAA data. Assist in the implementation of a NOAA federal enterprise system by improving and connecting the existing metadata systems and building the next generation of metadata tools. Agile development, Bash, ElasticSearch, D3, Golang, JSON, Linux, Python, XML, XPath, XSLT. Data processing, conversions, and transforms.Metadata DeveloperEarth Resources Technology, Inc./NOAA - Silver Spring, MD-March 2016 to May 2018NOAA Affiliate assigned to the Software Engineering Support Branch for the https://data.noaa.gov/onestop project initiated to improve discovery and access to NOAA data. Assist in the implementation of a NOAA federal enterprise system by improving and connecting the existing metadata systems and building the next generation of metadata tools. Agile development, Bash, ElasticSearch, D3, Golang, JSON, Linux, Python, XML, XPath, XSLT. Data processing, conversions, and transforms.Video Content Implementer/DeveloperAT&T - Bothell, WA-May 2015 to September 2015Managed video metadata files in content delivery network (Akamai). Administered video database (Apache Solr), built data feeds and ensured their accuracy. Encoded videos (Sorenson Squeeze) for playback on multiple devices. Provided technical guidance to project team. Communicated with internal clients and external vendors. Investigated and resolved data issues across platforms and applications, including discrepancies of definition, format and function.Online Content SpecialistNational Center for Biotechnology - Bethesda, MD-December 2012 to December 2014Member of the P​ubMed Central​Production Team. Processed XML and media content and loaded to SQL database using web based tools and UNIX scripts. Conducted data analysis and troubleshot errors. Tracked incoming content and the progress of work on multiple projects in development and production stages.Senior Production SpecialistAmerican Association for the Advancement of Science - Washington, DC-November 2011 to November 2012Member of the Digital Production Operations Team. Oversaw the entire weekly production cycle for three online scientific journals published by AAAS (S​cience,​ Science Translational Medicine, Science Signaling)​.Web Production CoordinatorAmerican Association for Clinical Chemistry - Washington, DC-July 2010 to November 2011Responsible for posting several critical, monthly website publications and e-newsletter production.IndexerAlexander Street Press - Alexandria, VA-June 2008 to June 2010Reviewed and edited source materials and metadata (text and video) in scholarly databases. Executed testing and quality assurance runs of web-based applications and production systems.EducationMA in English & HistoryUniversity of Stuttgart - Stuttgart1997 to 2003SkillsAgile (2 years), Basecamp (2 years), Confluence (3 years), CMS (10+ years), Web Development (5 years), Java (1 year), Javascript (4 years), JIRA (4 years), JQuery (4 years), JSON (3 years), XML (5 years), XSLT (2 years), PostgresSQL (1 year), SQL (4 years), CSS (6 years), HTML (8 years), Data Mining (4 years), Databases (6 years), Python (2 years), Golang (3 years), D3js (2 years), Git (5 years), Scala (Less than 1 year), LinuxLinkshttp://tjaensch.github.io/https://bl.ocks.org/tjaenschhttps://github.com/tjaenschhttps://www.linkedin.com/pub/thomas-jaensch/21/526/3b8Certifications/LicensesAlgorithmic ToolboxMarch 2017 https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/certificate/L2U7XVHDC49CData StructuresMarch 2017 https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/certificate/SRWTSVT6XXW4MongoDB for DevelopersJanuary 2014 https://s3.amazonaws.com/edu-cert.10gen.com/downloads/ffcf40e36efb4e838e7255ad89709770/Certificate.pdfGoogle Cloud Platform Fundamentals: Core InfrastructureMay 2017 https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/verify/YX4VQA8PKUKLMachine LearningMay 2017 to June 2017https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/specialization/certificate/U83TWY6MKUSHR ProgrammingJune 2017 https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/certificate/C55BLGQH752XBig Data Analysis with Scala and SparkJuly 2017 https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/certificate/WBAMF2YX3U83Data ScienceMay 2017 to July 2017https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/specialization/certificate/QWJ2Q6672N5HNeural Networks and Deep LearningSeptember 2017 to Presenthttps://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/certificate/CFYGV8RFCACFMachine Learning APIsDecember 2017 to Presenthttps://google.qwiklabs.com/public_profiles/d736a59e-9722-457f-958e-2a3d84fe3567Kubernetes in the Google CloudDecember 2017 to Presenthttps://google.qwiklabs.com/public_profiles/d736a59e-9722-457f-958e-2a3d84fe3567Data EngineeringDecember 2017 to Presenthttps://google.qwiklabs.com/public_profiles/d736a59e-9722-457f-958e-2a3d84fe3567Scientific Data ProcessingDecember 2017 to Presenthttps://google.qwiklabs.com/public_profiles/d736a59e-9722-457f-958e-2a3d84fe3567Cloud ArchitectureDecember 2017 to Presenthttps://google.qwiklabs.com/public_profiles/d736a59e-9722-457f-958e-2a3d84fe3567AWS Certified Developer - Associate 2018January 2018 to Presenthttps://www.udemy.com/certificate/UC-LI92X3Z1/Deep Learning for BusinessJanuary 2018 to Presenthttps://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/certificate/96SL8PRU6FEKGetting Started with Google Kubernetes EngineJune 2018 to Presenthttps://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/certificate/YKFE3KPGSRLFEmail Software DeveloperDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 18, 2018©2018 Indeed
Python developerSwap infotech - Indore, WV-September 2017 to Present• 8 months of experience as Software Developer as web developer. • Experience in development of Python, Django &amp; web based. • A keen communicator with excellent collaboration &amp; team building skills with proficiency at grasping new technical concepts quickly &amp; utilize the same in a productive manner. • Good at Python, Django, MongoDB, MySQL, SQLite and Angular. • Responsible to give Knowledge Transfer to new team members about Project and make them understand about the Development of Modules during Project Release. • Ongoing Project -Simran (Developing User Interface in Angular4)EducationBachelors of Science in ComputersVaishnav Istitute of Management College - Indore, Madhya PradeshcommunicationChameli Devi Public School - Indore, Madhya PradeshLinkshttps://github.com/Yosha2707Email Python developerDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 13, 2018©2018 Indeed
Assistant TeacherUbuntu Academy - Kansas City, MO-June 2015 to August 2015Organize and cleaned play areas Cooked healthy lunches for the children Taught 3-7 year old kids how to readVolunteer Work/Community ServiceHarvesters - Kansas City, MO-May 2014 to May 2014Bagged carrots and apples  KKFI (Kansas City Community Radio) Kansas city, Missouri Worked as a Secretary Edited upcoming broadcasts  Activities Accelerate GreenworksKC September 2015 -PresentEducationNewman University - Wichita, KSAugust 2017 to PresentAllen Village High School - Kansas City, MOAugust 2013 to May 2017SkillsChild CareEmail Assistant TeacherDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 20, 2018©2018 Indeed
Commerical Drone Engineer (Intern)INIFINITE 8 Aeronautics - Omaha, NE-March 2018 to June 2018Removing Windows and Adding Linux and Ubuntu to Alienware and working with the Jetson TX2. Nvidia ,ROS, Linux, IBM WatsonAccount Support Specialist/BillerRancho Physical Therapy - Murrieta, CA-June 2016 to March 2017• Insurance Billing • Print Authorizations and Claim Notes • DUX, Zirmed, Office Ally, Optimis, AMD • Post Client Scans and End of the Month Reports • ICD-10 CodingMEDICAL RECORDS CLERK / CUSTOMER SERVICEMedical Professionals - San Diego, CA-March 2016 to June 2016• Ensures complete daily acquisition of records from client EMRs' • Provides HIPAA, HITECH compliance by identifying all required elements • Maintains frequent communication to client HIM departments and related personnel • Develop and maintains understanding of Federal &amp; State medical record laws • Medical record terminology and managementPhlebotomist\Specimen ProcessorCHI Heath Care - Omaha, NE-March 2015 to March 2016• Processing and Analyzing Specimens • Phlebotomy Collection • Process specimens to be sent to reference labs accurately. • Troubleshoot specimen problems; Notify facility personnel as appropriate • Cerner, Epic • Enter future test requests accurately and/or check future lab requestsOR Supply TechnicianSharp Memorial Hospital - San Diego, CA-February 2009 to July 2014•To supply the main OR with supplies and equipment. •Inventories and stocks all supply carts and surgery supplies. •Ensures patient comfort and safety measures are maintained. •Anticipates special needs, equipment and supplies for the patient •Assists in preparing for surgery checking supplies equipment, and instrumentation.Specimen Processor /Medical OfficeBergan Mercy Hospital - Omaha, NE-August 2006 to November 2008•Processing and Analyzing Specimen •Client and Patient Billing, Cerner, EpicMedical Lab Assistant/PhlebotomistUS NAVY, Training Site - San Diego, CA-October 2005 to May 2006•Processing and Analyzing Specimens • Insurance Billing • Phlebotomy CollectionsEducationCertification in Commerical Software Engineer/Artificial IntelligenceInfinite 8 Institute College - Omaha, NEOctober 2017 to June 2018Phelebotomy /Certified Nursing AssistantSouthwestern Community College - Chula Vista, CAJanuary 2010 to May 2012SkillsCustomer Service (10+ years), Hospital (10+ years), Medical Terminology (10+ years), Medical Records (2 years), Medical Billing (2 years), Medical Coding (2 years), Linux (2 years), Specimen Collection (10+ years), IBM Watson (2 years), Excel (10+ years)Linkshttps://www.linkedin.com/in/demetria-collins-877926154/Email Commerical Drone Engineer (Intern)Download ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 20, 2018©2018 Indeed
Python DeveloperComcast - Philadelphia, PA-May 2015 to PresentResponsibilities: • Performed Systems Analysis and detail application design. Worked on development and enhancement of automated tools for testing, integration and global application development. This includes detail description of availability. Also enhanced the check out and registration process. • Work with team of developers on python applications for RISK management. Managed full-life development cycles. • Developed GUI using Python and Django for dynamically displaying the test block documentation and other features of python code using a web browser. • Development and enhancement of the features using Django framework. • Held overall responsibility of coordination of implementations of software builds and releases • Provided analytics to help determine optimal way to assemble releases • Tracked any additions, deletions or change in scope on the published release plan including efficient tracking of defects. • Automating analysis of large data sets. Built the release plan roadmap and keep maintained for communication • Worked on UI modification using HTML, CSS. • Used Python and Django to interface with the jQuery UI and manage the storage and deletion of content. • Developed Application logic using Python 2.7 and Flask framework. Wrote backend data access Logic using MYSQL and SQL Server • Used Web Services to extract Supplier inventory for various high end items. Integrated the application with different internal system. • Designed and implemented a distributed, QA infrastructure for automated testing of a multi process software product. • Strong experience in developing entire application using Python, MySQL, Linux and Django framework, along with a rich user interface using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and jQuery. • Involved in Unit, integration and smoke testing. • Python/Django based web application, PostgreSQL DB, and integrations with 3rd party email, messaging, storage services. • Designed and developed the UI of the website using HTML, CSS and JavaScript. Developed entire front end and back end modules using Python on Flask Framework. • Designed and developed data center management system using MySQL. Rewrite existing Python/Flask modules to deliver certain format of data. • Used Flask Database API's to access database objects. Wrote python scripts to parse XML documents and load the data in database. • Generated property list for every application dynamically using python. Handled all the client side validation using JavaScript. • Using Subversion version control tool to coordinate team-development. Responsible for debugging and troubleshooting the web application. Environment: Python 2.7, Django, Flask, MySQL, Windows, Linux, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Apache, Linux.Python DeveloperRockwell Collins - Chicago, IL-September 2014 to April 2015Responsibilities: • Providing daily reports to the Development Manager and participate in both the design phase and the development phase. Utilized Agile Methodology and SCRUM Process. • Designed front-end and back-end of the application using Python, NodeJS on Django Web Framework. • Participated in Daily Stand-up meetings and provided status on work progress. • Wrote Backend python code to interact with Active directory using LDAP Module for the Authentication. • Developed entire frontend and backend modules using Python on Django Web Framework. • Involved in designing application system requirements and coded back-end and front-end in Django/Python. • Implemented code to create dynamic Excel reports for thousands of metadata using xlswriter. • Implemented code in Python to retrieve and manipulate data.Wrote Python scripts to parse JSON documents and load the data in MongoDB. • Developed entire frontend and backend modules using Python on Flask Framework. • Implemented and executed code to perform CRUD operations on MongoDB using Pymongo module. • Designed and developed the UI for the website with HTML5, CSS3, Java Script and Bootstrap. • Used JQuery and Ajax calls for transmitting JSON data objects between frontend and controllers. • Also used Bootstrap as a mechanism to manage and organize the HTML page layout. End to end testing of the applications. • Successfully migrated the Django database from SQLite to MySQL to PostgreSQL with complete data integrity. • Created server monitoring daemon with Psutil, supported by Django app for analytics which I created. • Re-engineered various modules for implementing changes and created efficient system. • Performed troubleshooting, fixed and deployed many Python bug fixes of the applications that were a main source of data for the customers. • Build development environment with Rally. • Maintained program libraries, user's manuals and technical documentation. Used Bitbucket for version control. Environment: Python 2.7, Django, Flask, Xlswriter, Linux, HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript.Python DeveloperSonata Software - Hyderabad, Telangana-April 2013 to July 2014Responsibilities: • Actively involved in requirement gathering and analysis period of the project in recording the business requirements by leading workshops/gatherings with different business clients. • Working cross-functionally to ensure proper functionality and delivery. • Developed backend modules using Python on Django Web Framework. • Composed python scripts to parse XML and JSON reports and load the information in database. Maintain a solid understanding of MySQL database. • Implemented Cross Site Scripting, CSRF and SQL injection for security and data protection. • Develop scalable applications and to effectively manage technology -tradeoffs and risks. • Design database structures and develop/tune data access utilizing SQL Server by creating Flask based ORM. • Developed views and templates with Python and Django's view controller and templating language to create a user-friendly website interface. • Used Flask Database API's to access database objects. Also involved in validating and processing of files. • Handled RESTful services with the help of python library URLLIBS. • Closely analyzed the database tables using sequel pro tool of MySQL to resolve integrity issues. • Used jQuery and AJAX calls for transmitting JSON data objects between front end and controllers. • Designed and developed the UI of the website using HTML, CSS, Bootstrap and JavaScript. • Deployed the entire code using Linux parameters of the virtual machines for UAT phase. • Collaborate with key stakeholders and project managers to design, develop, integrate, test, document and implement the system. • Tracking defects and resolving bugs using JIRA. Ensured quality by versioning with GIT. Environment: Python 2.7, Django, Flask, MySQL, Linux, Shell Scripting, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JIRA, GIT.EducationMaster'sSkillsPythonEmail Python DeveloperDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 11, 2018©2018 Indeed
Software Engineer, Release EngineeringUniversity of Pennsylvania - Boston, MA-July 2017 to PresentComputer &amp; Information Science ● Writing tooling in Golang for designing continuous delivery pipeline with Graduated May 2017 application deployments to AWS and Kubernetes clusters. (GPA: 3.51/4.00) ● Create and administer Jenkins and Ansible configuration, and manage build infrastructure using Jenkins, Artifactory and GitHub. Birla Institute of Technology andCloud Search Engine-April 2017 to May 2017University of Pennsylvania hishek-ravichandran/  Developed web crawler, indexer, PageRank &amp; front-facing UI for a cloud-based Github: search engine. Individually responsible for the crawler - written as a https://github.com/Abhishek-Ra distributed job on an Apache Storm cluster on EC2, using SQS and S3 vichandran/ components.Software Development InternScience Pilani, Dubai Campus - Bellevue, WA-May 2016 to August 2016Computer Science &amp; Engineering ● Developed a SPA app with Angular 2.0 to provide a performance reporting Graduated July 2015 dashboard for SLA and KPI-related visualizations in Tableau. (GPA: 8.77/10)India - Project InternRamco Systems - Chennai, Tamil Nadu-June 2013 to August 2013LinkedIn: PROJECTS https://www.linkedin.com/in/abSkillsAWS (1 year), ANDROID (Less than 1 year), APACHE STORM (Less than 1 year), BAYESIAN (Less than 1 year), BMC (Less than 1 year)Additional InformationSKILLS PennOS | Mar '17 - Apr '17, University of Pennsylvania Programming Languages Created PennOS, an OS modeling standard UNIX, featuring a priority scheduler, Python • Java • C • Ruby • Go a flat file system &amp; a user shell with I/O redirection, pipelining &amp; job control. Web App. Frameworks  Simulating Tennis Matches | Oct '16 - Dec '16, University of MEAN • Rails • Flask Pennsylvania Data Analysis &amp; Viz. Designed a MCMC model to simulate and predict tennis match outcomes using Scikit-learn • Pandas • d3.js player proclivities and compared results to baseline machine learning models. Matplotlib • Tableau (Find report at - goo.gl/vzTDuv) Splunk • Matlab  Testing &amp; Debugging Distributed Chat | Mar '16 - May '16, University of Pennsylvania JUnit • Cucumber • Capybara Developed a multi-threaded, distributed chat application in C with fault RSpec • Valgrind • GDB tolerance, total ordering, fair queuing and handling node failures. Build &amp; Project Mgmt. Undergraduate Thesis | Feb '15 - Jun '15, Bayesian Behavior Lab Ant • Maven • Gulp • make virtualenv • Pivotal • Git Completed thesis on statistical characteristics of the e ects of uncertainty during a sensorimotor reaching task on neural firing rates in the premotor Misc. Frameworks cortex. Apache Storm • RabbitMQ AWS • OpenCV • Android • BMC RemedyEmail Software Engineer, Release EngineeringDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 18, 2018©2018 Indeed
Linux AdminGeneral Motors - Detroit, MI-January 2016 to Present• Involved on installation, configuration and OS upgrades on Red Hat Linux 4.x, 5.x, 6.x, 7.x; AIX 5.2/5.3/6.1.  • Worked on configuring Kickstart Servers and booting the images using PXE in Red Hat Linux.  • Installation of patches and other software packages on Linux and AIX Servers.  • Writing Shell scripts for system maintenance and file management. • Installation/Activation of F5 Load balancers, configure routing logic, creation of new service pools, members, virtual servers etc., • Worked on configuration and administration of LVM as extending Logical Volume and Physical Volume Size.  • Configuration, Administration and maintenance of NFS, DNS, NIS and samba on Linux Servers.  • Built shell scripts, managed the automation of CRON jobs as well as file systems. • Release Engineer for a team that involved different development teams and multiple simultaneous software releases and implemented Continuous Integration Process. • Participated in weekly release meetings with Technology stakeholders to identify and mitigate potential risks associated with the releases. • Assist with maintaining current build systems, developed build scripts, and maintained the source control system. • Managed the source codes repository of multiple development applications using Source Tree. • Setting up servers through using UNIX for deployment or other uses for application. • Performed weekly / monthly and on-call deployments of application codes to production environments. • As Middleware SSP, I am responsible for leading sales effort of JBoss Enterprise Middleware, which includes Fuse Integration, Business Process Management, Rules, Mobile and PaaS to the financial services vertical. and on experience in designing and developing Middleware applications using OSB, Oracle SOA [ ] JCAPS, E*Gate and RedHat Jboss FuseESB. • Extensive Experience in usin RedHat Jboss Fuse and IDE IntelliJ tools.Linux AdminElectric Snail - San Antonio, TX-August 2014 to June 2015Responsibilities: • Performance tuning and troubleshooting of the applications and resolution of issues arising out of the ticketing systems in Remedy. • Develop, administer, and support the company's Linux systems, Windows systems, and VMWare, creating and enhancing specialized systems and applications that are efficient, effective, and secure • Administer a Corporate Active Directory 2003/2008 Infrastructure: deploy and configured Group Policies, set up Organizational Units, created and modify user accounts. • Installed RHEL 3.0/4.0 using kick start and custom building the servers per SOW. • Experienced with the installation, configuration and volume/File system management using Logical Volume Manager (LVM) • Installed/configured 0, 1&amp; 5 RAID configurations. • Troubleshoot and resolved Security issues. • Performed all System Administration tasks like installing packages, and patches. • Configured and installed Automount and Jumpstart. • Red Hat Linux Enterprise 6 installation. • Installed and Configure customized versions of MySQL, Apache, Sendmail &amp; Php on RedHat Enterprise server. • Responsible for configuring and managing Squid server in Linux • Diagnosing hardware/software problems and provide solutions. • Configured and maintained Samba Server, NFS Server, NIS Server and clients, DNS clients. • Troubleshooting system, network and user issues. • Utilized Chef for deployment orchestration and configuration management. • Performing tape backups, archiving and checking data integrity through Shell Scripts and job automation. • Supported back office systems environments. • Knowledge in HDFS data storage and support for running map-reduce jobs.  • Assisted in installing and configuring hadoop eco system like sqoop, pig, hive.  • Testing and upgrading production, development and test Linux servers. • Creation &amp; Maintenance of user accounts &amp; passwords, profiles, home directories, initialization of files, groups' creation and management, setting file permissions, customizing shell environment setup for users. • Additional responsibilities include schedule and administration of server backups, setup and administration of network. • Troubleshooting various problems related to VxVM in initializing, replacing, mirroring, encapsulating and removing disk devices on various Production Boxes. • Created LVMs on Linux servers. • Writing Shell Scripts for managing day-to- day transactions and for automation of routine tasks. • Installation, Configuration, Up gradation and administration of Red Hat Linux • User account management and support. • Performed volume management using LVM and the creation ext3 file systems. • Involved in Installing and configuring of NFS • Expert in Installation, configuration of Patches and Packages. • Technical professional with management skills, excellent business understanding and strong communication skills. • Worked on Remedy project and resolved Remedy tickets as assigned to the individual or team. • Troubleshooting the system and end user issues. • Responsible for configuring real time backup of web servers. • Log file was managed for troubleshooting and probable errors. • Responsible for reviewing all open tickets, resolve and close any existing tickets. • Document solutions for any issues that have not been discovered previously. • Complete Responsibility for Server availability and Team. Developed and deployed multiple routes by using Red Hat JBOSS Fuse ESB and related Open Source technologies (Apache Camel, Apache CXF, Active MQ, Apache Zookeeper, Hawtio and fabric8) • As an Analyst/Developer with the Integration team, responsible for end to end development of interfaces which involves data transfer from SQL database to Oracle database by using Red Hat Fuse ESB. • Perform migration of the interfaces from JCaps 6.3 to REDHAT JBOSS Fuse ESB.  Environment: AIX v5.2/5.3/6.1, Solaris, LPAR, Web Sphere Application Server, HACMP V5.2/5.3, Windows 2000, Oracle 9i,Oracle 10g, Java, DB2r, LVM, SSH, Linux IBM Blade Center JS22, IBM PSeries 550, 570,590, 595, 700, 770, DS8000, EMC,FAS2000 storage devices, Tivoli, TSMLinux AdministratorEpicor - Irvine, CA-August 2013 to July 2014Responsibilities: • Administration of VMware ESX Infrastructure, vSphere Client 5.1.0 • Creation of Linux Virtual Machines on VMware Virtual Center. • Experience in installing, upgrading and configuring Red Hat Linux 5.x, 6.x, using Kickstart Servers and Interactive Installation. • Experience in creating and managing users' and groups' accounts, passwords, permissions, disk space allocations and process monitoring in CentOS and Red Hat Linux • Configuration of remote access systems through SSH, and managed system security via TCP Wrappers. • Installation and management of packages via RPM and YUM package management system. • Installation, configuration and support of Apache (HTTP) on Linux production servers. • Creation of new disk partitions and File Systems: Swap, ext4, LVM (Physical Volumes, Volume Groups, and Logical Volumes). • Management of system logs (rsyslog server), system automated tasks (cron jobs). • Implementation of file transfer systems using FTP, NFS, and SSH (SCP). • Configuration and Implementation Firewall/IPtables rules on new servers. • Experience in network monitoring and performance management tools. • Administration of HTTP, DNS, DHCP, NFS Servers • Maintenance of current infrastructure technologies, timing and features of upcoming releases. • Operations enhancement by identifying areas to be improved and documenting the environment and processes. • Performance of other systems administration duties as project work and operational necessities require.Build and Release EngineerCyient - Hyderabad, Telangana-June 2012 to July 2013Responsibilities: • Coordinating Release effort amongst various teams (Development, QA, Testing, and Business Analysis) in geographically separated environment. • Worked with subversion and implemented branching strategy suitable for agile/scrum development in fast paced engineering environment. • Wrote build.xml for applications that use Ant for builds respectively • Integrated Subversion for automating builds with Jenkins and Configured slaves in Jenkins for appropriate release builds in windows server. • Built end to end CI/CD Pipelines in Jenkins to retrieve code, compile applications, perform tests and push build artifacts to Nexus. • Works with release coordinate to determine an appropriate build schedule and then initiates the build and packaging process and deployments into development environments. • Created all scheduler and data back-up jobs using Python/Perl/Bash/Cron/SCP/SSH/FTP • Developed Perl Python, and Bash script to do data verification between Mysql and Oracle databases as part of database migration. • Developed scripts in PLSQL and Python to ingest API data from internal web servers • Estimated existing JIRA instance and resolved performance issues and created Jira work streams according to project prerequisites • Created users on Active Directory, synced the users on Jira and assigned groups. • Efficiently performed the task of resolving conflicts while merging in Subversion with the J2EE development background. • Wrote Perl scripts on Linux and IBM AIX servers for WebSphere application deployments and deployed the archives to WebSphere Application Servers. • Involved in Migration activities from IBM ClearCase to SVN to enhance the build process. • Used ClearQuest for tracking bugs and issues. Also, partially administered it by designing custom workflows. • Create/Maintain custom build scripts in Java/Perl. Develop Rational ClearQuest schemas and tailored the tools with custom Perl and batch scripts • Taking an active part preceding over Software Configuration Management Meetings by suggesting branching strategies and best practices to promote Parallel development and Agile development practices  Environment: Java/J2EE, Ant, Maven, Subversion, Git, Jenkins, AWS, Chef, Puppet, LAMP stack, Docker, Shell Script, Linux.EducationB.E in EngineeringOsmania UniversityEmail Linux AdminDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 20, 2018©2018 Indeed
Cloud DeveloperIOT Team - San Diego, CA-October 2016 to PresentUser Management System: Restful APIs for Cloud Backend Key Skills: Java 8, Golang, M-Queue, Datastax Cassandra, Linux Bash scripts, Web Security, Rest Services, HBase, Redis, Git. Involved in ground up development of User Management module for the cloud backend services. This includes development of a list of Restful APIs for the various http actions that can be performed by a user and Admin. Performed the design, documentation and development of routes, handlers, authorization server and data-layer with best restful practices. The routes and logic layer implementations were done using Golang. Redis an in-memory data structure store was used to manage the sessions and cache data. Implemented Data-layer using DataStax library of Cassandra in Java.  Cloud Authorization Server Development and Session Management: Key Skills: OAuth2 - Hawk &amp; Bearer, Access tokens, refresh tokens, one time password, Golang, Java, AWS EC2, Redis, JWT, JSON, Rest Services Developed restful APIs to support features like token blacklisting, refresh token, OTP login. • Token blacklisting invalidates a currently active user session by isolating the JTI of the JWT and setting a new key into the Redis with this JTI. When the authorization server detects this key, it denies access to the API's • Designed an One-Time-Password (OTP) based login mechanism to provide access tokens. The Authorization server sends an OTP to the client's phone or email and validates this value. On Successful validation a Bearer/Hawk token is returned based on the request. This involves using the AWS SNS services to send OTPs to the devices.  IOT Crash Report System: Key Skills: AWS S3, AWS IAM, Golang, gocql, Cassandra, Angular. Working on developing services for collecting, processing and displaying crash reports from IOTs. • The device submits the crash report to AWS S3 through pre-signed signature urls. On successful submission a storage record is also shared with the backend system. • The Backend system developed using Golang handles User authentication, generation of the S3 signature urls and identifiers for each crash record. • A GUI developed in Angular will provision user account authentication and interface to download the crash reports based on sophisticated filtering.  Anti-theft Service Development for IOT: Key Skills: Push Servers, DataStax Cassandra, Redis, Golang, Java Engineered the cloud backend system to support anti-theft features for an IOT device like Remote lock, ring and wipe. This involved collaborating the requirements of cross-functional engineering teams like Push, UI and Device to frame a solution that fits them all. Backend developments for the following requirements were made: • Enabling device to get access token from cloud with which it can access Push server • For a device to share the endpoint it obtained from the Push server to the cloud. • To handle the antitheft service request made from website which checks for subscription from cloud Database and eventually enables the device to ring or lock.  HBase to Cassandra Database Migration: Key Skills: Cassandra Data modeling, Java, Golang and Bash. Efficiently handled migration of cloud services from HBase to Cassandra. To support the migration, I architected the Cassandra Keyspaces and Tables after methodical analyses of the existing data model and foreseeing the upcoming business requirements. I ensured optimum read and writes occur between the data-layer and the DB by carefully modeling the partition keys and clustering columns in Cassandra. The Migration also involved development of a number of utilities in Java, Golang and Bash scripts to move the existing data from HBase &amp; Redis to Cassandra.  Mozilla Location Based Services: Key Skills: Golang, Ichnaea, MYSQL Cluster, AWS EC2, AWS load Balancers. Ichnaea is a Mozilla open source Location Based service, which provides the Geo Location coordinates by using data from Bluetooth, cell or Wi-Fi networks. I solely handled the development of cloud front end in Golang to perform payload validation and routing to call the Ichnaea REST API's. This includes setting up a highly available MySQL NDB Cluster to support the service which comprises of a cluster of AWS EC2 instances for load balancers, MySQL clients, Management nodes and data nodes.  Server Deployment Scripts in Bash: Developed bash scripts to enable easy deployment of source code to the cloud, scripts to enable server bounce and to start/stop individual services from a local machine. Database Encryption: Implemented symmetric cryptography at the data layer level of the cloud to encrypt the underlying user data in Cassandra. This was achieved with a minimal hit in the performance of the cloud.Assistant Systems EngineerTata Consultancy Services - IN-October 2012 to April 2014Big data Research and Development: • Designed Proof of Concept for Web Application using Hadoop Framework to detect wash trading - a fraudulent activity in Share Market. The Application was built using Java Map reduce and HBase. • Implemented a Big Data Architecture model on wealth management, which analyzes the current market demand and suggests a minimum risk investment strategy to the users.  ACADEMIC PROJECTS AT SDSU: • Real Time Semaphore Performance Analysis in UNIX GCC: Implemented a Client-Server program for a UDP Datagram application to generate and send datagrams at a specified rate. The data packets are measured and throughput is calculated by the packets lost. Also implemented a semaphore to analyze the average time it takes to lock and unlock and to understand how it affects the performance.  Campus Energy Forecasting: It's a research effort on data mining which focused on building a energy forecast model using previous years data obtained from smart meters and predict consumption peaks. This involved various sets of data preparation, data modeling and training. We implemented small linear models and evaluated the results.  • Global Weather Modeling: Built a Lorenz 5D model using Python SciPy ecosystem to study the impact of higher wavenumber modes on numerical predictability. This focused on achieving a more stabilized Lorenz solution with increased degree of non-linearity.  • Data Compression using Arithmetic Coding: Implemented an Arithmetic Encoder in Python, to show how a higher compression ratio is achieved in Arithmetic Compression when compared to the widely used Huffman codes.EducationMaster of Science in Computer EngineeringSan Diego State UniversityMay 2016SkillsAPACHE HBASE (3 years), HBase (3 years), HBASE (3 years), JAVA (3 years), Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (1 year), AWS, Devops, LinuxAdditional InformationTECHNICAL SKILLSET Programming Languages Java-8, Golang, Python, Linux Bash, Matlab Platform &amp;Tools AWS-EC2, AWS-S3, Jenkins, Splunk, GitLab Databases NoSQL-(Cassandra, HBase, Redis) &amp; MySQL Operating System Linux-CentOS &amp; Ubuntu, Windows, Android Web Technologies &amp; Frameworks Oauth2, Hawk, Restful, Angular2, JSONEmail Cloud DeveloperDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 16, 2018©2018 Indeed
Senior Software EngineerSpectrum-April 2017 to PresentDeveloping Python/Flask microservices architecture and features, and API autogeneration build process for Docker, Gunicorn, and other components using Jinja2 template syntax building out Helm Golang templates in a Kubernetes environment. Multiprocessing workfow for textFSM parsing and factory design pattern jobs. Data models/queries, Leveraging Apache Airfow in order to conduct multiprocessing ETL workfows.Django admin console, search query developmentNOUS Digital-2016 to 20172016-2017 (Consultant) • Developing API and ORM SQL data models with Python, Django REST Framework. Integration tests using PyTest and data creation factories. Django admin console, search query development, JQuery, Bootstrap, Python forms.Software Quality EngineerRosetta Stone-2014 to 2016integration tests, rest framework requests to test backend application functionality. Scripts to fx Production data. Developed Python web and desktop applications for editing, creating data, automate testing tasks. • Part of Continuous Delivery process piloting and implementation with reporting, mobile, and content teamsSoftware DeveloperSwan Global Investments-2013 to 2014Created a stock market strategy simulator app, which backtests stock market strategies using trading algorithms. Interactive user interface for testing desired options strategies. C# OO design of trading portfolio performance and reports. Project still under development, contributed to the growth of Swan from ~300 million to 3 billion AUM. Web Applications TrendSynergy.com • Stock market algorithms written in Python, Java &amp; C++ visualized through Javascript D3 graphs buy/sell derivative analysis algorithms of U.S. stocks, and 1900 cryptocurrency securities. Algorithm performance is backtested against historical data, including Momentum &amp; Value rankings. LSTM Neural Net projections into the future using PyBrains. Value &amp; Momentum rankings w/ Javascript Datatables. Deployed to AWS API using Fabric. Asyncio data collection, SciPy, NumPy, Pandas. SoundTreeLive.com • Artist, song, and event recommendation streaming service and search engine based on given location, artists, &amp; genres. Displays data models through JS/JQuery, Python/Django template syntax. Searching using Django formsEducationBachelor of Science in Computer EngineeringUniversity of Miami - Coral Gables, FLSkillsPYTHON (5 years), ENGINEER (3 years), TESTING (3 years), DJANGO (2 years), jQuery (2 years)Linkshttps://github.com/QuantEssentialAdditional InformationSkills Languages: Python, Java, Ruby, Javascript, C++/C, Shell, C#/Visual Basic, SQL Frameworks: Nginx, Flask, Django, AsyncIO, Kubernetes, Helm, Redis, RabbitMQ, Numpy, Pandas, Pybrains, RabbitMQ SQLAlchemy, Scikit-learn, PyTest, Angular2 &gt;, JQuery, Bootstrap, HTML/CSS, JSON, XML Tech: Docker, AWS, RethinkDB, Jenkins, Bamboo, CouchDB, Postgres, Vagrant IDE: Eclipse, PyCharm, Visual Studio  Background Software Engineer adept at learning new technology, focused on micro-services, scalability, data structures, algorithms, CI/CD Automation. Also, developing web service architecture through data query/models, &amp; web frameworks, ETL, and automated testing. Driven to learn the most relevant open source technologies for big data management and processing. Creator of TrendSynergy.com, a trading algorithm website graphing trend strength and buy/sell derivative analysis algorithms of U.S. stocks, and 1900 cryptocurrency securities. Algorithm performance is backtested against historical data, including Momentum &amp; Value rankings. The future goal includes custom trend acceleration analysis, machine learning trend predictions in progress. Creator of SoundTreeLive.com, a music browser data mining project, which provides streaming and live music recommendations, using Angular 4, Python/Django Backend, and integrates Google and LAST.fm APIs.Email Senior Software EngineerDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: May 30, 2018©2018 Indeed
Principal Software Architect & Founder - Entrepreneurial StartupLookBk Inc - Reston, VA-January 2016 to PresentDigital Lifestyle Magazine - Responsible for all aspects of design, development, deployment and management of Mobile APIs, Database, Content Editor/Management system and web-site. Full stack development: HTML, Bootstrap, Jquery and Ractive - front end. AWS EC2 hosted Golang Server, Nginx, RDS/MySql, SNS, SQS, S3, CloudSearch, CloudFront - backend. www.lookbk.meConsultantListenFirst Media, NY-February 2017 to July 2017Designed, developed and helped to integrate a new generation, scalable, fault tolerant platform for data ingest; archive; extract, transform and load of Web and API data sources. Multi-threaded Ruby, Ubuntu, PostreSQL, Kafka, Redis and Zookeeper. Designed and developed Ruby Gem for URL canonicalization, across the platform.Principal Software ArchitectAdvanced Technology Group-January 2014 to January 2016Responsible for Full Stack Development. Ruby, Rails, RDS/MySQL, EC2, AWS, Clojure, Scala. Content scraper, management and syndication system used to publish Condé Nast content to Microsoft and other partners.Principal Software Architect & FounderZipList, Inc - Reston, VA-January 2011 to December 2014ZipList is an Ad Supported Web/Mobile Shopping List and Recipe Box platform, with thousands of third party site customers through our white-label product. Acquired over 8 Million users. Responsible for Full Stack Development Ruby/Rails; SMS Systems text short-code full life cycle; Push Notifications: GCM, APNS; Mobile App Development Android; API development; Client SDK development and examples. Acquired by Condé Nast 2012.Principal Software EngineerGrabNetworks & Echo360, Inc - Reston, VA-June 2008 to January 2011Assisted in the design and development of a high performance, scalable and fault tolerant system that captures local TV news content, and automatically breaks each news segment into individual stories with a video segment, article text and primary topics. This system performed video, audio, closed capture, image, OCR, speech-to-text processing and through complex analysis to generate the video clip, article text, and primary topics. Designed and built a high performance, multi-threaded, speech to text system, to generate machine searchable text data from video/audio tracks, using the CMU-Sphinx library. Designed and built a high performance, multi-threaded, image processing components for OCR extraction of machine searchable text. C/C++, Windows, Linux.Director of Engineering - Director of EngineeringMetaMetrics, Inc - Durham, NC-November 2006 to May 2008Directed all IT and software product development activities. Managed team of software engineers and IT staff, responsible for web site, internal software processes and product development. Ported several computationally prohibitive processes from Python to C++, achieved an 8 fold speed-up.Director of Engineering & Founder, General Business Desktop ProductsAnystream Inc - Sterling, VA-July 1999 to November 2006Managed a software team that delivered a fully automated lecture capture system for the education market - Apreso Classroom. Duties: Team Lead, Chief Architect, requirements acquisition, development, staffing and scheduling. Product development progressed from concept to pilot product delivery in 6 months, and product launch 3 months later. C#, Windows, C++, Embedded Linux.  Managed a software development team that delivered multiple releases of an award winning, software product that automates the process of presentation capture using Microsoft PowerPoint. Apreso for PowerPoint captured PowerPoint slides, timing and animation sequences as HTML which combined with audio and video captured in real time created a fully integrated, rich media presentation capture. Duties: Team Lead, Chief Architect, day-to-day management of requirements acquisition, development, staffing and scheduling. Also responsible for design and development of PowerPoint Add-In in C#, including configuration wizards and all essential user interface elements. C#, Windows.  Senior Software Engineer and Founder - Responsibilities included core platform development of an automated video capture, encoding, distribution and workflow management system; Agility Enterprise. Product concept to sales in less than six months. Duties: principal member of core architecture team, designed network protocol used throughout the Agility Enterprise architecture; Designed and maintained local control system, which activated, managed and controlled all Enterprise component worker processes on demand. Designed and maintained Agility SDK used to integrate workers/capabilities into the Agility platform. Designed and maintained numerous worker components. C++/Java, Windows, Linux.EducationMS in Computer ScienceUniversity of VirginiaBS in Computer ScienceWestern Carolina UniversitySkillsC (10+ years), HTML (8 years), Java (2 years), Linux (10+ years), user interface (7 years), Golang (3 years), C++ (10+ years), Ruby (8 years), C# (4 years), Threading / IPC (10+ years)PatentsMethods and apparatus for managing a universal list system (#US 8606655)December 2013Embedded appliance for multimedia capture (#US 9071746 B2)June 2015Apparatus and method for data storage and retrieval using bandwidth allocation (#US 5583995)December 1996Additional Information• Expert in IPC, multi-threading, parallel processing. Building and deploying real-time, reliable, fault tolerant, mission critical, distributed systems. • Full life cycle experience in a broad range of software systems engineering including: Desktop applications, Web applications, REST APIs, Mobile App support, Big Data (text, structured data, audio/video, images) workflows, acquisition, transformation and management, • 15 years of experience in technical and managerial leadership roles, responsibilities include: all phases of software development, customer interaction, staffing, technical mentoring and direction, project management, and requirements generation. • Experience ranging from rapid prototyping to formal development environments utilizing both structured and object-oriented design methodologies. Agile Software Development (Scrum). • Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Core Competencies • Go, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Ruby, Rails, HTML, Ractive. • Git, Scrum, Test-driven development, Continuous Integration. • Unix/Posix, Linux, Windows, WIN32, Mac OSX, embedded real-time kernels, QNX. • AWS, EC2, S3, RDS, SQS, SNS, Route53, ELB, CloudSearch, CloudFront. • UI Design and development. • API Design &amp; Development and versioning. Mobile Backend Support, Push Notifications, Bulk E-mail. • SQLite, MySQL, PostgreSQL, Dynamo DB, MongoDB, Apache, Nginx, Redis, Zookeeper, Kafka, JSON, YAML, XML, OAUTH, JSON Web Tokens. • Inter-process communication, multi-threaded/multi-process development. High performance computation, parallel algorithm development. Operating Systems concepts and design. Device driver development. Some experience with Python, Clojure, Scala, Perl, and PHP.Email Principal Software Architect & Founder - Entrepreneurial StartupDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 5, 2018©2018 Indeed
Software EngineerUnited Health Group - Basking Ridge, NJ-2012 to PresentStrategic Enterprise Software ❑ Developed, configured, and deployed self-built and legacy services while becoming proficient in the following technologies: ◦ Git ◦ Platforms: Kubernetes, OpenShift, Docker ◦ Java, Spring, Camel, Swagger, Python, Node, Golang, Shell Scripting, Ruby ◦ CICD: Jenkins, Pipeline as Code, Automated Testing ◦ Testing frameworks: JUnit, Spock, Cucumber ◦ Microservices development: Hashicorp Vault, Zipkin, New Relic, Dynatrace ❑ Responsible for Open Source Software Governance ◦ 500+ total users company-wide. ◦ Processed 3k+ requests for open source software. ◦ Linux system administration. ◦ Partnered with Security and Legal teams. ❑ Innersource Development - contributed to internal public code repositories including: ◦ Jenkins Pipeline as Code ◦ Cloud ScaffoldingInformation Technology - InternshipUnited Healthcare - Hartford, CT-June 2011 to PresentWorked on the PAM (Policy Administration Modernization) on ways to modernize the company platform of policy administration applications.InternshipMath Department, Boston College - Chestnut Hill, MA-March 2010 to September 2011Semester T.A. for MT435, Linear Programming ❑ Tutored and graded for Boston College's Math Department.  Skills &amp; Outside Interests: ❑ Technically proficient using: Raspberry Pi, Rails, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Word, Microsoft PowerPoint, Macintosh and Windows operating systems.EducationBachelor of Science in MathematicsCollege of Arts and Sciences, Boston College - Chestnut Hill, MA2008 to 2012Email Software EngineerDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 19, 2018©2018 Indeed
Python Developer84.51° - Cincinnati, OH-June 2017 to PresentDescription: 84.51° is devoted to helping retail partners develop, nurture and embrace customer-driven relationships. By using a sophisticated suite of tools and technology, our fearless people navigate the complex data landscape to reveal relevant customer patterns. We believe if you dig deep enough, the results will follow - and building the bottom line should be a result, not the primary objective.  Responsibilities: • Responsible for developing views and templates with python and Django's view controller and templating language to create a user-friendly website interface. • Responsible for designing and developing front and back end of the applications utilizing python on Django and flask frameworks. • Responsible for continuous integration and automation using Jenkins. • Responsible for writing python object oriented design code for manufacturing quality, monitoring, logging and debugging code optimization. • Modify the existing Python/Django modules to deliver certain format of data. • Exposure to automation Ansible using its python API. • Developed ETL programs using Informatica to implement the business requirements. • Created UNIX shell scripts to run the Informatica workflows and controlling the ETL flow. • Added support for Amazon AWS S3 and RDS to host static/media files and the database into Amazon Cloud. • Designed and implemented complex server-based Internet applications on Perl CGI and UNIX/Linux environments • Worked on Airflow scheduler executes tasks on an array of workers while following the specified dependencies. • We have used Airflow rich command line utilities make performing complex surgeries on DAGs a snap. • Proficient at using Spark API's to explore, cleanse, aggregate, transform and store machine sensor data. • Worked with JSON based REST Web Services and Amazon Web Services (AWS). • Worked on Restful API's to access third-party data for internal analysis and statistical representation of data. • Developed Business logic using python and Django web framework. • Having good experience in implementing the Node.js server-side code to interact with MongoDB to store and retrieve data by using the Mongoose drivers. • Developed tools using python and shell scripting to automate some of the menial tasks. • Worked in an agile development environment and used GitLab for version control. • Managed datasets using Panda data frames and MySQL, queried MYSQL database queries from Python using Python-MySQL connector MySQL dB package to retrieve information. • Creating unit test/regression test framework for working/new code. • Designed, developed and did maintenance of data integration programs in a Hadoop and RDBMS environment with both traditional and non-traditional source systems as we as RDBMS and NoSQL data stores for data access and analysis. • Worked with Passport and JSON web tokens for authentication and authorization security configurations using Node.js. • Implemented Jenkins workflow and plugins for repeatable deployments of multi-tier applications, artifacts, and services to Docker. • Participate in the design, build and deployment of NoSQL implementations like MongoDB. • Handling the day to day issues and fine tuning the applications for enhanced performance. • Configured Docker containers and created docker files for different environments. • Worked with Jenkins under the CI/CD pipeline providing continuous improvement to agile software development teams.  Environment: Python 2.7/3.0, Django, XML, Ansible, AWS, ETL, Agile, Scrum, Apache, CSS, CI/CD, Docker, HTML, JavaScript, AngularJS, MySQL, NoSQL, MongoDB, Shell Scripts, Git, Linux, Unix and Windows.Python DeveloperSave Mart - Modesto, CA-March 2016 to May 2017Description: Save Mart Supermarkets (also known as The Save Mart Companies) is an American grocery store operator. It owns and operates stores under the names of Save Mart, S-Mart Foods, Lucky and Food Maxx. The stores are located in northern California and northern Nevada.  Responsibilities: • Responsible for continuous integration and automation using Jenkins. • Responsible for using Django Framework that was used in developing web applications to implement the model view control architecture. • Used different testing methodologies like unit testing, Integration testing, and web application testing. • Developed user interface using CSS, HTML, JavaScript and JQuery • Python/Django based web applications using PostgreSQL DB and mongo DB and integrations with 3rd party email, messaging and storage services. • Define and implement ETL development standards and procedures for data warehouse environment. • Followed Agile Methodologies and SCRUM Process. • Lead the design of the ETL solution; oversee the ETL low-level design and design phase deliverables • Installed, configured, and managed the AWS server. AWS data pipeline for Data Extraction, Transformation and Loading from the homogeneous or heterogeneous data sources. • Created Complex ETL Packages using SSIS to extract data from staging tables to partitioned tables with incremental load. • Developed the REST API using Django for fetching the data from NoSQL MongoDB database. • Developed a fully automated continuous integration system using Git, Jenkins, MySQL and custom tools developed in Python and Bash. • Performed troubleshooting, fixed and deployed many Python bug fixes of the two main applications that were a main source of data for both customers and internal customer service team • Managed large datasets using Panda data frames and MySQL. • Responsible for user validations on client side as well as server side. Worked with DNS to map the website to its IP address. • Developed the required XML Schema documents and implemented the framework for parsing XML documents. • Interacted with QA to develop test plans from high-level design documentation. • Automated the existing scripts for performance calculations.  Environment: Python 2.7/3.0, Django, XML, mongo DB, AWS, ETL, MongoDB, Agile, Scrum, Apache, CSS, MySQL, HTML, NoSQL, JavaScript, AngularJS, Shell Scripts, Git, Linux, Unix and Windows.Python DeveloperIntersil Corporation - Milpitas, CA-November 2014 to February 2016Description:Intersil is an American semiconductor company headquartered in Milpitas, California. As of February 2017, Intersil is a subsidiary of Renesas. The original Intersil was formed in August 1999 through the acquisition of the semiconductor business of Harris Corporation.  Responsibilities: • Implemented different python libraries NumPy, SciPy, PyTables, matplotlib, python-twitter, Pandas data frame and urllib2 in various tasks • Responsible for using Django, a high level Python Web Framework to build powerful APIs and Web Applications for desktop and mobile users using Python, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Git, Command Line, Redis and Graphic Design Software's • Developed programs to automate the testing of RAID controller firmware and utilities using Python, Java, Bash script, Windows command line. • Deployed mircoservices2, including provisioning AWS environments using Ansible Playbooks. • Followed Agile Methodologies and SCRUM Process. • Used ETL/SSIS and T-SQL stored procedures to transfer data from OLTP databases to staging area and finally transfer into data marts and performed action in XML. • Used Pentaho Data Integration Designer to create ETL transformations. • Developed Complex transformations, Mapplets using Informatica to Extract, Transform and load (ETL) data into Data marts, Enterprise Data warehouse (EDW) and Operational data store (ODS). • Worked on cross browser compilation and responsive web design using HTML5, CSS3 and Bootstrap • Wrote Unit test cases for unit, integration, and functional tests, run automatically by Hudson/Jenkins in the builds triggered by each push to Git • Migrated the Django database from SQLite to MySQL to PostgreSQL with complete data integrity • Worked on AJAX framework to transform datasets and data tables into HTTP-Serializable JSON strings • Responsible for building scalable distributed data solutions using Hadoop • Responsible for turning raw data into presentable, flexible and responsive web applications • Using mongo DB to take care of the back-end calls with a lightning fast speed • Installed and benchmarked Hadoop/HBase clusters for internal use • Used Pandas library for statistical Analysis • Wrote shell scripts for rolling day-to-day processes and it is automated • Worked on Python Open Stack API's • Worked on JavaScript MVC frameworks like AngularJS, OpenStack • Used Django Rest framework for creating REST APIs and interacted with Jira using Jira Rest API • Created entire applications using Python, Django, MySQL and Linux • Used other packages such as Beautiful soup for data parsing • Used Python modules such as requests, urllib, urllib2 for web crawling • Worked on writing and reading data from csv and excel file formats in python. • Built docker containers to sandbox python WSGI Apps. • Used Apache CouchDB (NoSQL) in AWS Linux instance in parallel to RDS MySQL to store and analyze job market info. • Used ETL (SSIS) to develop jobs for extracting, cleaning, transforming and loading data into data warehouse. Wrote PL/SQL stored procedures&amp; triggers, cursors for implementing business rules and transformations. • Held meetings with client and worked on the entire project with limited help from the client • Performed testing on the applications using Robot Framework • Exported/Imported data between different data sources using SQL Server Management Studio • Worked on python scripts to parse XML documents and load the data in database  Environment: Python 2.7/3.0, Django, XML, Hadoop, AWS, ETL, HDFS, HBase, mongo DB, Agile, SCRUM, PyUnit, Apache, CSS, MySQL, DHTML, HTML, JavaScript, AngularJS, Shell Scripts, Git, Linux, Unix and Windows.Python Web DeveloperFBI Wind Down, Inc - St. Louis, MO-March 2013 to October 2014Description:The Company began in 1911 as International Shoe Company with the merger of Roberts, Johnson &amp; Rand Shoe Company and Peters Shoe Company. In 1966 the company changed its name to Interco as the result of diversification, and once the company exited the shoe business, adopted the name Furniture Brands International.  Responsibilities: • Created a highly-scalable, distributed system for running Web applications and Web services by working with architects and developers and ensuring the implementation of Restful Web services and API design. • Developed views and templates with Python and Django's view controller and templating language to create a user-friendly website interface. • Used data types like dictionaries, tuples and object-oriented concepts-based inheritance features for making complex algorithms of networks. • Integrated Hibernate ORM with Spring-Hibernate framework to facilitate DML and DQL queries and represent object-database mapping. • Creating restful web services for Catalog and Pricing with Django MVT, Jersey, MySQL, and MongoDB. • Installed and configured MySQL on LINUX and Windows Environment. • Managed datasets using data frames and MySQL, queried MYSQL database queries from python using Python-MySQL connector MySQL dB package to retrieve information. • Developed a fully automated continuous integration system using Git, Jenkins, MySQL and custom tools developed in Python and Bash. • Used Pandas API to put the data as time series and tabular format for east timestamp data manipulation and retrieval. • Carried out various mathematical operations for calculation purpose using Python libraries numpy. • Successfully migrated the code from SQLite to MySQL to PostgreSQL with complete data integrity using Django and experience in Object Oriented Design. • Developed tools using Python, Shell scripting, XML to automate some of the menial tasks. Interfacing with supervisors, artists, systems administrators and production to ensure production deadlines are met. • Used jQuery to make the HTML, DHTML and CSS code interact with the JavaScript functions to add dynamism to the web pages at the client side. • Involved in designing mobile search application system requirements and coded back-end and front-end in Python.  Environment: Python 2.7, Django, HTML, CSS, MySQL JavaScript, Jquery, wxPython, numpy, matPlotLib, MySQL, PyQT, MVW, DOM, Shell Scripting, JSON, REST, Apache Web Server, Django, SQL, LINUX, Windows, and python libraries.Jr. Python DeveloperComputer Systems Network Limited-October 2011 to February 2013Description:Computer Network Systems (CNS) is accredited with SEI CMMi Level 3 standards for its Development and Maintenance. I was part of the team responsible for providing Software Development and Maintenance for CNS clients.  Responsibilities: • Created Python scripts for data access and analysis (Scripts, Data Feeds, XLS, FIXML) to aid in process and system monitoring, and reporting. • Closely analyzed the database tables using sequel pro tool of MySQL to resolve integrity issues. • Responsible for gathering requirements, system analysis, design, development, testing and deployment. • Worked on object-oriented programming (OOP) concepts using Python and Linux. • Generated property list for every application dynamically using Python. • Improved code reuse and performance by making effective use of various design patterns. • Developed JavaScript API used by clients to integrate the application with other modules. • Developed page layouts, Navigations and presented designs and concepts to the clients and the management review. • Designed and developed the UI of the website using HTML, AJAX, CSS, JQuery and JavaScript. • Debugging and testing of the applications &amp; fine-tuning performance. Provided maintenance support in production environment.  Environment: Java, Python, J2EE, MySQL, Linux, AJAX, HTML, CSS, UNIX shell, JavaScript,SQL / Web DeveloperExide Life Insurance - Bengaluru, Karnataka-October 2009 to September 2011Description: Exide Life Insurance Company Limited, is a 100% Indian owned life insurance Company, owned by the Exide Industries. Exide Life Insurance distributes its products through multi-channels.  Responsibilities: • Setup new SQL Server instances. • Involved in the life-cycle of the project, i.e., requirements gathering, design, development, testing and maintenance of the database. • Performed query optimization and tuning, debugging and maintenance of stored procedures. • Developed SQL Server objects such as tables, materialized views, clustered and non-clustered indexes, stored procedures, cursors, triggers and constraints. • Used System tables and stored procedures to retrieve metadata. • Provided database security by using role base authorization on accessing data. • Performed troubleshooting operations on the production servers. • Monitored SQL Server jobs, and developed queries to perform database operations. • Administered the database using SQLServer Enterprise Manager.  Environment: HTML, CSS, jQuery, JavaScript, MySQL, Linux.EducationBachelor'sSkillsDATABASE (8 years), JAVASCRIPT (8 years), LINUX (8 years), MYSQL (8 years), PYTHON (6 years)Additional InformationTechnical Skills:  Python Libraries Report Lab, NumPy, SciPy, Matplotlib, HTTPLib2, Urllib2, Beautiful Soup, Pickle, Pandas, PyPI, PySpark, Pygit.  Programming Skills Python, C, C++ and Java, Shell Script, &amp; Perl. Web Technologies Django, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JSON, jQuery, AJAX, Node JS, and Bootstrap. Frameworks Django, spring, Angular JS and Flask. IDE's PyCharm, Sublime, Eclipse, Spyder and NetBeans, Atom, Sublime Text, Visual Studio. Database Oracle SQL, SQLite, MySQL, PL/SQL, PostgreSQL.  Operating Systems LINUX, UNIX, WINDOWS &amp; MAC. Cloud Technology AWS. Web Services Nginx, Apache Tomcat, SOAP, Apache Kafka, AWS, Amazon EC2, REST. Network Protocols TCP/IP, HTTP, DHCP, SNMP, SMPT. Servers Apache Tomcat and Web Logic. Version Control Tools CVS, Git, GitHub and SVN. Development Process Waterfall, Agile and Scrum. Bug Tracking Tool JIRA. Deployment Tool Heroku and Jenkins.Email Python DeveloperDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 20, 2018©2018 Indeed
Linux SysadminUSPS - Norman, OK-November 2017 to May 2018• Oversaw Linux web, database, and development servers in high-availability enterprise.  • Improved deployment times by ~75% by automating all installation and configuration.  • Standardized configuration and eliminated human error with configuration management.  • Modernized documentation and deployed a wiki containing dozens of walkthroughs.Desktop SupportUSAF - Midwest City, OK-March 2017 to October 2017• Serviced workstations in military-industrial enterprise environment of 20,000+.  • Reduced average call times to ~5min by scripting troubleshooting and fixes.  • Assured security of 1000’s of machines by manually patching when updates failed.  • Leveraged experience with BMC Remedy and to quickly resolve tickets.HelpdeskDell - Oklahoma City, OK-September 2016 to March 2017• Troubleshot full range of information technology from Dell call center for multinational client.  • Achieved second-highest ticket closure and call time stats out of a team of 70+ in two cities.  • Collaborated with specialist teams across the world to resolve issues quickly and gather data.  • Mastered BMC Remedy, Dameware, Windows 7+, Flash/Java, IE/Chrome/Firefox, and cmd.exeEducationAASRose State College - Midwest City, OKAugust 2015 to May 2017SkillsWindows 7, Windows 8, Windows 10, Word, Excel, Batch scripting, Command line, ping/traceroute/arp/etc, Firefox, Chrome, IE, Java, Flash, Troubleshooting, Sysadmin, BMC Remedy, DamewareLinkshttp://www.linkedin.com/in/patrick-sandinCertifications/LicensesA+June 2015 to June 2018CompTIA A+ Certified Computer TechnicianNetwork+July 2015 to July 2018CompTIA Network+ certified network technicianSecurity+July 2015 to July 2018Email Linux SysadminDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 19, 2018©2018 Indeed
Linux AdministratorMaster Security LLC-January 2013 to PresentJanuary 2013 - Present Linux Administration • Experience administering, installing, configuring and maintenance of Linux. • Experience installing, upgrading and configuring RedHat 6&amp;7 using Kickstart Servers and Interactive Installation. • Responsible for creating and managing user accounts, security, rights, disk space and process monitoring in Solaris, CentOS 6&amp;7 and Redhat 6&amp;7 Linux. • Configures DNS, NFS, Putty, SSH, LVM, FTP, remote access, and security management. • Installs, upgrades and manages packages via RPM and YUM package management. • Installs Firmware Upgrades, patching, systems configuration, performance tuning on Unix/Linux systems medium environment. • Installs, configures and supports Apache, Tomcat on Linux production servers. • Manages Patches configuration, version control, service pack and reviews connectivity issues regarding security problem. • Ticketing implementation using Remedy. • Create, extract and compress and archives using gzip, gunzip, tar -Cvpzf, Scott and Rsync. • Manages systems routine backup, scheduling jobs and enabling cron jobs. • Administers VMware Infrastructure Client 3.5 and vSphere 6.5 • Install, configure and implement XenApps, Xendeskop, Storefront and Citrix presentation farm. Managing user profiles in Group Policies in Active Directory. • VMware ESXI 5x, vSphere, vCenter, vMotion, update manager, VMware High Availability, VMware Distribution Resource scheduler, Cloning VM's, vRealize. Vswitch. • Managing files(FTP), NFS, Volume Management, High Availability(Raids), AWS and SElinux implementation.Administrator4xCom, LLC-December 2012 to January 2014Designed a Citrix XenApp Farm on XenServer using Citrix Provisioning service • Designed the Citrix architecture to deploy functionality to Client's user community, including Presentation • Server and Access Manager. Work with Citrix across varying versions (XenApp 7.8, 6.5, XenDesktop 7.0,7.6). • Installations or upgrades related to Citrix and Terminal services. • Installed and administered Citrix products Studio, Storefront, Licensing server, Delivery controller and Citrix Director. • Management Services, Resources Management Services, Secure Gateway Services. • Managed the AD, Citrix Farm, and other core business systems. • Built Citrix Presentation Server Farms to provide access to the most critical company applications for remote . Understanding Sand, CIFS, NetApp and DFS Storage environment • Users and installed, monitored, and configured Citrix Secure Access Gateways • Installed Citrix XenApp 6.5 on VMware Servers. Configuration of Citrix migration work 4.5 to 6.5, PVS 6.1 • Perform integration of current Windows 2003, 2008 to Windows 2012R2. • Directory, policies and roaming profiles. • Responsible for administering and supporting Citrix server environment on Windows Server 2003/2008/2012R2 and XenApp 6.5 to XenDesktop 7.9 • . Support 4000 customers a day with Stream VM's using Provisioning Services • Responsible for Terminal server builds and Citrix XenApp server deployments in both Physical and virtual environments. • Monitored Citrix server's health by using Citrix Edge Sight. • Developed Virtual apps for in-house client server applications through Citrix Streaming profiler 6.5/6.0/5.2, window server 2008 to 2012R2 and Software: Norton Utilities; Anywhere; McAfee; Remedy 7.0/6.0; Email (Microsoft Exchange) • Implemented Quarterly patches to the servers suggested by Microsoft and RedHat • Develop and maintain standard operating procedures for Citrix Environment • Prepare Technical performance utilization report, procedure and general Server virtualization health system. • Provide escalation of suspicious activity to the IT security incident response team • Assist in the design, development, testing, implementation and documentation of new software and enhancement of existing application. • Citrix VPN with integrating App-V Publishing. • Managing, maintaining, Monitoring, and securing including data security of all Health system servers including installations, upgrade, patches and documentation of all servers. • Implement Xendesktop hosted, shared desktop and Window applications • Implement hosted, Personal, persistent desktop for VDI. • Servers, VMware, XenServer, Xendeskop Installation and troubleshooting • Deployment and using Citrix Receiver and integrate with Citrix Online (go to Meeting, Webinar and training). Manage Password option, exporting file and implementing receiver for Web. • Implement and manage Delivery Controllers, Managing User Profiles in Active Directory. Authentication, Configure Trusted Domain, Group Policies, DNS, DHCP, TCP/IP, Netscaler implementation, HA (Mirroring, Clustering, Hypervisor HA and SQL database) • Citrix XenMobile MDM: Enrollment and configurations of tablets and mobile devices. Installing Citrix Certificate, receiver and other applications. Troubleshoot and securing XenMobile devices by providing personal codes and performing complete wipe and factory restored of devices.Field TechicianNCR Corporation-March 2004 to December 2012My responsibilities included designing and configuring LAN and Uplinks for new offices, acquiring and installing the rightEducationBachelor of Science in Computer NetworkStrayer University - Washington, DCSkillsCITRIX (6 years), VMWARE (6 years), APACHE (5 years), LINUX (5 years), TOMCAT (5 years)Additional Information• Operating Systems: RHEL 6&amp;7 and CentOS 7 • Hardware: HP ProLiant, Blade servers, Dell R910, R810, R710, R610 • Software: Microsoft 365, Microsoft Office 2016, Web and Application Server, Tomcat, Apache, Oracle Sql, • Knowledge of DISA STIG • Partitioning, formatting and mounting Partition • Linux Volume Management (LVM) • Luks • Load balancer configure and implementation. • Virtualization experience in Microsoft Servers 2012R2, Citrix VDI, VMware (ESX 4.x, 5.x) and Window 10.  Summary of Qualification: • Linux System Administration working on Redhat Linux, Cent OS, and Window environments. • Experience in Installation, Configuration, Maintenance of Linux. • Experience upgrading and configuring RedHat 6&amp;7 using Kickstart Servers and Interactive Installation. • Worked with Database administrators to tune kernel for Oracle installations. • Experience in Creation and managing user accounts, security, rights. Disk space and process monitoring in RedHat Linux. • Experience in configuration of NFS. DNS, LDAP, HTTP, DHCP, FTP, Nmap, trace route, ping, remote access, and security troubleshooting skills. • Experience in scheduling jobs and administrative task using crontab. • Creating Linux Virtual Machines using VMware Center. • Strong written and oral communication skills  • Leadership Skills • Excellent Interpersonal Skills • Responsible and committed to work • Able to perceive and find solution to challenging problems • Able to withstand hectic and responsible jobs • enjoys solving problems and taming complexity • A high level of energy, commitment and the ability to combine keen strategic sense with enthusiasm • A great team player with good inter-personal skills and ability to relate to all manner of persons • Willingness to adopt and manage change • Experience on Web servers such as Apache Server 2.4, and Tomcat 8. • Experience in administering VMware Infrastructure Client 3.5 vSphere 6.5 • Experience in Installation and Creation of Oracle database.Email Linux AdministratorDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 18, 2018©2018 Indeed
Linux AdministratorHist Group - Manassas, VA-April 2013 to Present• Administering, installing, configuring and maintaining Linux servers. • Experience installing, upgrading and configuring RedHat Linux 4.x, 5.x, 6.x using Kickstart and Interactive Installations. • Responsible for creating and managing user accounts, security, rights, disk space and process monitoring in Solaris, CentOS and Redhat Linux. • Configure DNS, NFS, FTP, remote access, and security management. • Build Linux Virtual Machines using VMware Virtual Center. • Install, upgrade and manage packages via RPM and YUM package management • Install Firmware Upgrades, kernel patches, systems configuration, performance tuning on Unix/Linux systems. • Install, configure and support Apache on Linux servers. • Manage patch configuration, version control, service pack and review connectivity issues regarding security problems. • Manage systems routine backup, scheduling jobs and enabling cron jobs. • Administer VMware Infrastructure Client 3.5 and Vsphere 4.1.SkillsApache (4 years), DNS (4 years), Linux (4 years), NETWORK FILE SYSTEM (4 years), NFS (4 years)Additional Information• Operating Systems: RHEL 3/4/5/6, Solaris Release […] CentOS and Fedora • Hardware: HP ProLiant, Blade servers, Dell R910, R810, R710, R610 • Software: MS-PROJECT, Linux file system, MS Office, ESX 4.x, 5.x, Tomcat, Web/ Application Server, Apache, • Servers/Services: NFS, SSH, Telnet, Apache, DNS, Nslookup, Netstat, Nagios, TCP/IP and TCP DUMP, LDAP • VI Editor, gedit  Summary of Qualification: Hardworking and goal oriented professional with extensive knowledge of system administration and geographic information system, technical knowledge, other Core Competencies include: • Over 6 years of experience specialized in System Administration working on Redhat Linux, Cent OS, Fedora and window environments. • Experience in Installation, Configuration, Maintenance of Linux. • Experience upgrading and configuring RedHat Linux 3.x, 4.x, 5.x using Kickstart Servers and Interactive Installation. • Worked with Database administrators to tune kernel for Oracle installations. • Experience in Creation and managing user accounts, security, rights. Disk space and process monitoring in RedHat Linux. • Experience in configuration of NFS. DNS, LDAP, HTTP, DHCP, ftp, remote access management and security trouble shooting skills. • Experience on Webservers such as Apache Server 1.x, 2.x, &amp; Tomcat 3.x, 4.x. • Experience in administering VMware Infrastructure Client 3.5 Vsphere 4.0. • Experience in Installation and Creation of Oracle database. • Experience in scheduling jobs and administrative task using crontab. • Creating Linux Virtual Machines using VMware Center. • Strong written and oral communication skills  • Leadership Skills • Excellent Interpersonal Skills • Strong Presentation and Organization Skills • Responsible and committed to work • Able to perceive and find solution to challenging problems • Able to withstand hectic and responsible jobs • A high level of energy, commitment and the ability to combine keen strategic sense with enthusiasm • A great team player with good inter-personal skills and able to relate to all manner of persons • Willingness to adopt and manage changeEmail Linux AdministratorDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: May 30, 2018©2018 Indeed
Linux Systems AdministratorTower Hill Insurance-April 2014 to Present• Linux systems administration of ~200 RedHat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) hosts, their services, accounts, applications, and scheduled jobs. • Responsibility for correct deployment of proprietary application releases for most in-house developed insurance centric applications hosted on Linux during monthly release time windows. • Complete quarterly account audits for all Linux hosts and act upon needed maintenance. • Renew Linux network host changes to Visio data graphics diagrams, and CheckMK systems. • Contributes non-deployable application release changes to company GitHub code repository for the heavily used Innovation insurance Guidewire/ISCS application. • Accomplishes third-party application installs to Linux hosts as needed by the Systems, Operations, Quality Assurance, Development, and Actuarial departments. • Identify and resolve Bash shell script issues for companies established business tasks. • Executes needed solutions for published Linux Common Vulnerability and Exploits (CVEs). • Actively engaged in 24/7 on-call support for after hours production issues.  Technologies: SSH(FS), AD, DNS, DHCP, SMTP, apache/httpd, OpenSSL, Linux, LVM, Bash, Samba, CUPS, Tomcat, JBOSS, VMware Vsphere, CheckMK, rsyslog and log management, cron, RHEL v5-7, centOS, SAN, Symantec Cloud, Amazon Web Services, MySQL/MariaDB, vshell, Oracle Enterprise Manager, Oracle VM Virtual Box Manager, HP iLO Applications: Nessus, Ricoh Process Director, IBM InfoPrint Manager, Visio, New Relic, Jenkins, GitHub, NetApp snapdrived, multipathd, gpg https://www.thig.comSystems Analyst L2Shands Healthcare Information Services-June 2005 to April 2014• Tier 4 Siemens' Net Access and OAS Gold Systems Administrator responsible and on call 24/7 for all of department's application hosts. • Active member of Inpatient Epic EMR Orders, Invision Clinicals, and Lifetime Clinical Record teams. • Leader of concurrent teams on call support, and active technical team documentation creation. • Achieved high standards cooperating with Siemens and Epic vendor support to meet department goals. • Lead team discussions on server and application optimizations and facilitated agreed upon enhancements in compliance with the Change Management department.  Technologies: IBM SNA, IIS, HTTP(S), DB2 Connect, HIS, (S)FTP, SSH, DNS, HL7, SNMP, TCP/IP, IBM MVS w/ JCL, OS390, Unix, Linux, Windows Server 2000 and 2003 Applications: Siemens Net Access, OAS Gold, Care Center, Invision27, Softmed, Web ESA, EDM (imaging), Nimbus, WhatsUP Professional, UC4 and PJM job schedulers, Epic Electronic Medical Records https://ufhealth.org/Support Engineer L2WebMD Practice Services-January 2004 to June 2005• 24/7 support for RedHat 7.3 Linux diagnostic imaging repository IBM Xeon servers, diagnostic image scanning hardware, and proprietary software for over 830 different practices upward to 450 users per. • Responsibility for 100% of the department's hardware ordering requirements supporting 830+ Linux servers across the nation. • The software supported encompassed packages for making a paperless, patient-serving, computer-aided management system geared towards medical practice services.  Technologies: Windows, Linux, SCO, and AIX operating systems, OpenSSL, telnet, RAID, small Bash shell script creation and maintenance, TCP/IP, NetBIOS, Optical Character Recognition (OCR) Applications: Siebel, Medical Manager, Intergy, DICOM, DIMDX, Ultia http://www.webmd.com/ConsultantComputer & Network Services - Gainesville, FL-May 1999 to December 2003Jason Parrish Consulting, May '99 - December '03 • Cultivated local business relationships throughout North Central Florida focusing on technology needs providing secure VPN implementations, and PC/network support. • Co-created prototype ice maker circuit board with remote relay switch for Ready Ice of Baker County so owner could successfully disable a leased ice machine upon non-compliance of lease agreement.System Admin/Network EngineerComputer & Network Services-May 2001 to September 2002• Network and Systems Administrator for the company's three North American locations. • Managed the company's Ethernet infrastructure which included multiple Redhat Linux, and Windows hosts taking advantage of Samba CIFS shares for seamless integration of disparate file systems. • Oversaw a Linux Crypto IP Encapsulation (CIPE) VPN between the three North American sites and configured remote dial-up laptop machines with secure links using certificate authentication. • Linux account, and file system management, CVS (Concurrent Versioning System for proprietary java), viewCVS, BIND DNS, DHCP, Samba, File, and Web services on companies network for all employees and produced documentation on all builds/configurations.  Technologies: Apache httpd, DHCP, BIND DNS, Linux CIPE VPN, Samba, NTP, CVS (on/off web), file and printer services, Smoothwall intranet firewall OS, NetIce road-warrior firewalls, Redhat Linux and Windows hosts, Linux software RAID, Unix/Linux directory structure, small Bash shell script creation, nightly backups via cron of vital data, Redhat Linux server load (ks.cfg) configurations Applications: OpenOffice Suite, mySQL, Gnome, KDE, VNC, WinCVS, Tortoise CVSSenior Field AppraiserUnion County Property Appraiser's Office-1996 to April 2000• Field appraisal work performed for Union County in compliance for IRS audits, and the counties final tax roll supplying excellent public relations experience, along with, important public social skills. • Compiled tax parcel information into an AS/400 CAMA (Computer Assisted Mass Appraisal) system for local property appraisals used by the IRS. • Successfully established, and supported a Windows LAN which included: file sharing, scheduled task data backups, HW replacement, and user account maintenance. • Introduced creating per parcel SmartDraw files to better represent "hard copies" of parcel information and integrated the old parcel images into an Office Access DB.  Technologies: Ethernet, TCP/IP, Windows NTFS network implementation, IBM AS400 mainframe Applications: Microsoft Office, Computer Assisted Mass Appraisal AS400 system, SmartDraw www.qpublic.net/union/EducationBachelors of Science in Decision and Information SciencesUniversity of Florida, Warrington College of Business Administration - Warrington, FLMay 2001Associate of ArtsLake City Community College1998SkillsRHEL5-7 (5 years), CentOS (6 years)Certifications/LicensesCompTIA A+https://www.certmetrics.com/comptia/public/verification.aspx?code=PL2QDFRDEDV156T8LPIC-1June 2018 to June 2023lpi.org/v/LPI000338241/bq44zmr69lEmail Linux Systems AdministratorDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 13, 2018©2018 Indeed
UNIX/Linux Systems AdministratorTrinitech Consulting INC-2016 to Present• Builds, Installs, bridge, configure and test virtual servers which includes Solaris 10 &amp; 11, RHEL 6, CentOS 6.4 &amp; 7 servers on Oracle Virtual Box. In both standard and advanced method (net installation and jumpstart, kickstart). Not limited to windows 7 pro and 8 NOS installation and software deployment. • Responsible for assigning hostnames, static addresses, default gateway addresses and DNS addresses to servers to introduce them to the network. • Creates and manages new user accounts on windows NOS, UNIX and Linux and not limited to creating passwords, security and process monitoring in UNIX and Linux servers. • Troubleshoot and resolve OS, application, malware desktop related issues on various windows NOS. • Use TCP/IP troubleshooting tools to troubleshoot and resolve network connectivity and DNS related issues in the LAN. • Perform multiplatform volume management using SVM, LVM, ZFS volume manager, and VERITAS storage foundation suite; installed and configured NAS (Free NAS) used for creating LUNs (creating NFS volume) and attaching to Solaris 10 servers using iscsi. * Not limited to RAIDS • Swap Management configurations. • Experience in Unix user group management, UNIX security management and password aging in both LINUX and UNIX servers. As well as Role Based Access Tools. • Password complexity (UNIX/LINUX). • Package Management (LINUX/UNIX). • LDAP configuration and authentication. (OpenLdap and Free IPA) • Performed UNIX/LINUX system monitoring and hardening. And knowledge on disabling vulnerable services such as telnet, ftp, rlogin, • Setup, configure and troubleshoot TCP/IP, DHCP, DNS • Experience in NFS and Samba configuration and used to share and store files/information. • Build, Install, configure, and migrated Solaris 10 local zones (spare root or whole root zone) • Patch Management and upgrades (release), on standalone servers (using single user mode), and on production servers (live upgrade) in both LINUX and Solaris (Solaris 10 Servers using 10-Recommended patches). • Install and configure Apache (http and Tomcat) and MySQL on Solaris10 and Linux (RHEL and Centos 6) for virtual and web hosting; building and hosting websites. • Configure a LAMP server on Centos 6 • Performed Process Management in both Linux and Solaris. • Used FTP, WinScp, SCP to transfer files • Configure Windows NOS clients to join the domain as well as configure file and print sharing on some Windows NOS to enable resource sharing. • Use the "dcpromo" tool to configure DNS, Active Directory as well as promote standard Windows 2008 servers to domain controllers. • UNIX/LINUX Task scheduling automation using the at and crontab tools • Write basic bash shell scripts to create User accounts, change Hostnames, change IP addresses from dynamic to static and Install and configure Samba in Solaris. • Managed backup jobs using TAR, CPIO and Rsync backup tools. As well as writing scripts to perform full and incremental backups using Rsync.EducationSome collegeSkillsAPACHE (2 years), FTP (2 years), LAMP (2 years), LAMP Stack (2 years), LDAP (2 years), Solaris, Linux, RedhatCertifications/LicensesRHCSAAdditional InformationTECHNICAL SKILLS Platforms: Red Hat Enterprise 6.4&amp;7, Oracle Solaris (X86) 10&amp;11, Centos 6.4&amp;7, Windows server (7, 8 and 10) Application/Configuration Management: Jumpstart, Kickstart, Apache, Tomcat, MySQL, LAMP, NFS, Samba, NetBackup Hardware: VMware ESXi, VMware Oracle virtual box 5.3 Connection Tools: SSH, Telnet, Sftp, Ftp, WinSCP, Putty, VPN, LDAP Languages: Bash Shell Scripting, Storage Technologies: LVM, ZFS, NAS, VMWare ESXI 6, Oracle Virtual BoxEmail UNIX/Linux Systems AdministratorDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 22, 2018©2018 Indeed
Sr Linux/Unix AdministratorAuto Club of Southern California - Costa Mesa, CA-February 2016 to Present* Installation, Configuration, Maintenance and Administration of Linux 5.x, 6.x, 7.x. * Experience in monitoring and troubleshooting (Network issues, Server performance issues, Kernel Tuning parameters and CPU/Memory/IO issues). * Worked on Provisioning, Configuration &amp; Maintenance Linux infrastructure through Redhat Satellite. * Configuration and Maintenance of NFS, DNS, NIS, SMTP, CUPS. * Worked on creating, extending, reducing all kind of File Systems on Linux servers. * Experience in monthly Patching event for Production and Non-Prod Linux severs through Redhat satellite, monthly patches channels, creating child channels and base channels. * Installed Oracle Hypervisors on HP servers, created virtual machines and OVM manager. * Worked on monitoring and configuring NFS servers and NFS clients on Linux servers. * Worked on Ansible to automate the server build process, configuration management, writing playbooks and pushing changes on Linux servers using Ansible. * Building, Configuring &amp; Maintaining Virtual Machines and Installed VMware Tools, Templates, Cloning, and Deployed Virtual machines on VMware ESX hosts and OVM servers. * Installed, Managed and Configured SCOM monitoring tools. * Performed physical server builds on Supermicro, HP hardware DL380, DL580, BL460C and BL 680C blades. * Raid configuration on Physical hardware and software level. * Worked on project for migration from HP-UX to Redhat, migrated OS, application, storage. * Worked on Redhat satellite 5 and 6, updating/applying patches to the servers using Redhat Satellite server. * Installation, configuration, integration of Jboss, Tomcat, Apache on Linux servers * New server builds based on the requirements, fixing vulnerabilities, Installation of clients. * Installed and configured Hadoop Ecosystem. * Importing and exporting data into HDFS (Hadoop Distributed File System) &amp; using hive. * Supporting Big Data team with Hortonworks and Cloudera. * Experience in providing security for Hadoop Clusters with Kerberos. * Worked on Openstack, which includes installing configuring virtual machines, creating security groups, adding resources, creating tenants. * Worked on Volume management, Disk Management, software RAID solutions using VERITAS Volume manager. * Worked on installing SCOM monitoring agent and monitoring the Linux servers and applications. * Configuring multipath, adding SAN and creating physical volumes, volume groups, logical volumes, and extending disks. * Worked on implementing Trend Deep Security Anti-virus on Linux servers. * Monitored server and application performance &amp; tuning via various stat commands (vmstat, nfsstat, iostat etc) and tuned I/O, memory, etc. * Installation of Netbackup agent, Backup and restoring using Veritas Netbackup, Ufsdump, ufsrestore, tar, dd. * Worked with project manager and auditing teams to implement PCI compliance. * Worked on Remedy tickets, troubleshooting hardware, software issues and other day-to-day activity.  Environment: RHEL 6 and 7, Redhat Satellite 5, 6, Veritas Volume Manager, Jboss 4, Tomcat, OVM Manager 3, VMware Vsphere 5, Ansible, Cloudera, Hortonworks, SCOM.Sr Linux/Unix AdministratorTennant - Minneapolis, MN-April 2015 to January 2016Responsibilities: * Senior UNIX administrator responsible for maintaining over 2,500 Linux (Redhat, Suse, OEL) and Sun Solaris systems, and provide support for over 2000 servers globally. * Involved in Installation, Configuration, Integration, Performance Tuning, Backup, Crash recovery, Upgrades, Patching, Monitoring System Performance, System and Network Security of the servers. * Performed Virtual server builds on VMware and physical server builds on various HP platforms such DL380, DL580, BL460c and BL680c blades. * Creating volume groups, logical volumes, extending logical volumes based on the requirements using Logical Volume Management (LVM), SVM, ZFS &amp; VERITAS commands. * Involved in Amazon Web Services (AWS) provisioning and AWS administrations like EC2, Elastic Load-balancers, Elastic Container Service (Docker Containers), S3, Cloud Front, Elastic File system, RDS, Dynamo DB, VPC, Route53, Cloud Watch, Cloud Trail, Cloud Formation, IAM, Elastic Search. * Implemented a Continuous Delivery pipeline with Jenkins, GIT and Docker to build a new Docker container from it. * Worked on Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment tool like Jenkins and GIT as version control system for continuous smooth code release process. * Installed, Managed and Configured monitoring tools such as Splunk, Nagios and Cloud Watch for monitoring the log files, Network Monitoring, log trace monitoring and the hard drives status. * Worked on Nagios setup, configuration, check scripts, monitoring servers, troubleshooting. * Build servers (Linux/Windows) using AWS which includes importing necessary volumes, launching the EC2 instance, creating security groups, auto-scaling, load balancers, Route 53 and SNS as per the architecture. * Worked on HP Virtual Connect, creating profiles, adding, installing servers. * Worked on HA Proxy setup, configuration and integration. * Worked on application, OS, storage migration tasks. * Deployment and configuration of Oracle SOA Suite 11g applications to different environments. * Installing, configuring, custom building Oracle10g, Oracle RAC 11g and preparing servers for database installation which includes adding kernel parameters, software installation, permissions etc. * Worked and performed data-center operations including rack mounting, cabling. * Installing, configuring, administering Veritas Cluster Server 5.0, creating service groups, adding resources, enabling attributes, testing fail-over. * Worked on Puppet, creating profiles, pushing changes, writing manifests, modules for the servers. * Installed Opsware agents, created packages, policies, scheduled jobs on Opsware. * Installation, Maintenance, Administration and troubleshooting of Linux, Sun Solaris, AIX systems. * Performed automated installations of Operating System using Jumpstart for solaris, flar image on both physcial servers and LDOMs. * Installation, configuration, integration of Jboss, Tomcat, Apache on Unix, Linux servers. * Configured kickstart server and updating/applying patches to the servers using Redhat Satellite server. * Installation, configuration and administration of Vmware, Solaris Zones, Containers and Ldoms.. * Configuring multipath, adding SAN and creating physical volumes, volume groups, logical volumes. * Worked with project manager and auditing teams to implement PCI compliance. * Backup and restoring using Veritas Netbackup, Ufsdump, ufsrestore, tar, dd. * Monitored server and application performance &amp; tuning via various stat commands (vmstat, nfsstat, iostat etc) and tuned I/O, memory, etc. * Experienced in Troubleshooting hardware, software issues and other day-to-day activity. Environment: RHEL servers, Solaris 10, AIX 6.1, SAN(Netapp), AWS, Cloudwatch, Splunk, Jenkins, Docker, Puppet, GIT, Jboss 4.2, Tomcat 6.0,7.0, Nagios 4 , VMware Insfrastructure 3.5.Sr Linux/Unix AdministratorNike - Memphis, TN-August 2013 to March 2015Responsibilities: * Installation, Maintenance, Administration and troubleshooting of Redhat, Solaris, Aix and HP-UX systems. * Involved in Installation, Configuration, Integration, Performance Tuning, Backup, Crash recovery, Upgrades, Patching, Monitoring System Performance, System and Network Security of the servers. * Involved in Server sizing and identifying, recommending optimal server hardware based on User requirements. * Installed and configured Logical Volume Manager - LVM and RAID * Involved in Storage management, LVM, File system management, User account management, data backups and user's logon support. * Built servers according to standards specified as per individual applications. * Creating volume groups, logical volumes, extending logical volumes based on the requirements using Logical Volume Management (LVM), SVM, ZFS &amp; VERITAS commands. * Installation and configuration of Veritas Storage Foundation Suite::Veritas Volume Manager, Veritas File System, Veritas Cluster Server and Oracle SF RAC. * Installation and configured Solaris 10 with Zones, Containers and Ldoms. * Installations of Operating System using kickstart for Linux. * Installed the Operating System on Solaris and Linux servers and Blades over the network. * Built virtualized Linux servers on ESX and Blade servers to host multiple applications on same chassis across different server hosts * Worked on HP Virtual Connect, creating profiles, adding, installing servers. * Set up Linux servers for iSCSI LUN boot instead of using local hard disks * Set up Sun servers for SAN-through-FCP boot as against booting from internal hard disks * Configured Sun servers M4000 and M5000 for operational readiness upon OS installation * Set up Linux servers for LAMP implementations and readiness * Created File systems from local storage as well as NFS partitions for application portability * Created Zetabyte file system (ZFS) in Solaris 10. Created zpools. Exported ZFS from local zones to local zones. * Performed server builds on various HP platforms such DL380, DL580, BL460c and BL680c blades. * Worked on Openstack (Havana), which includes installing configuring virtual machines, creating security groups, adding resources, creating tenants. * Installed, configured Windows 2003 and 2008 on HP, IBM and VMware servers. * Installed packages on Windows 2003 and 2008 servers, configured services, added external storage. * Racking, stacking, cabling the servers in the data centers, installing patch plates, swtiches. * Installed, configured VMs on VMware 5, Vsphere 4.0, configured ESX hosts, adding datastores to ESX hosts, creating vswitches, templates, migrating VMs across ESX hosts. * Configured HACMP 4.5 to monitor, detect and react to failure events, allowing the system to stay available during random, unexpected software problems and also configured to react to hundreds of system events. * Installing, administering Redhat using Xen, KVM based hypervisors. * Installed LPARs, VIOs on AIX p-series and x-series servers. * Worked on puppet, creating profiles, manifests and pushing new profiles to servers. * Managing systems routine backup, scheduling jobs like disabling and enabling cron jobs, enabling system logging, network logging of servers for maintenance, performance tuning, testing. * Worked on SQL Developer querying Oracle DB for creating and updating table entries. * Installed, configured, and maintained WebLogic 10.x and Oracle 10g on Solaris &amp; Redhat Linux. * Troubleshooting Linux network, security related issues, capturing packets using tools such as IPtables, firewall, TCP wrappers, NMAP. * Preparing servers for Oracle RAC installation which includes tuning the kernel, agent installation, adding NAS storage. * Installing, configuring Nagios on Linux, Solaris clients. * Worked on resolving production issues and documenting Root Cause Analysis and updating the tickets using BMC Remedy. * Designing Firewall rules for new servers to enable communication with application, Oracle 10g servers. * Coordinated with the Storage, Network and Hardware teams on server provisions (HP Proliant DL385/585 G5, G6 servers, and HP BL 465C G5 blade centers). * Experienced in Troubleshooting critical hardware and software issues and other day-to-day user trouble tickets. * Adding servers to the domain and monitoring them using spectrum, sitescope, cacti.  Environment: Red-Hat Linux Enterprise servers (HP Proliant DL 585, BL 465/485, ML Series), Solaris 8,9,10, AIX 5.3, 6.1, SAN(Netapp), BladeLogic, Veritas Cluster Server 5.0, Windows 2003 server, Shell programming, Jboss 4.2, JDK 1.5,1.6, , VMware Virtual Client 3.5.Sr Linux/Unix AdministratorSamsung - Sacramento, CA-April 2012 to July 2013Responsibilities: * Installation and administration of RHEL 5, 6 and SUSE 10.x. * Configured kickstart server and updating/applying patches to the servers using Redhat Satellite server. * Remote system administration using tools like SSH, Telnet, and Rlogin. * Planning and implementing system upgrades including hardware, operating system and periodical patch upgrades. * Installation, configuration and administration of VMware, Solaris Zones, Containers and Ldoms. * Installation of packages, patch management, volume managment on Suse servers using YaST. * Applied appropriate support packages/patches to maintain system integrity. * Performed capacity analysis, monitored and controlled disk space usage on systems. * Monitored system activities and fine tuned system parameters and configurations to optimize performance and ensure security of systems. * Adding servers to domain and managing the groups and user in AD, installing and configuring sendmail. * Custom build of Windows 2003 and Windows 2008 servers which includes adding users, SAN, network configuration, installing application related packages, managing services. * Responsible for maintenance of development tools and utilities and to maintain shell, Perl automation Scripts. * Worked on HP Smart Start, Insight Manager, SIM, Opsware. * Expertise in VMware vSphere 3/4/5 version ESXi and vCenter operations Management. * Worked with project manager and auditing teams to implement PCI compliance. * Creating volumes on SAN LUNS connected to RH servers through Fiber Channel. * Build LPAR and DLPAR system and Installed AIX 5.2, 5.3 on LPAR using NIM. * Installed and configured Virtual I/O Server V1.3.01 with fixpack8.1. * Integrating Weblogic 10.x and Apache 2.x and deploying EAR, WAR files in Weblogic Application servers. * Installed, configured, cloned VMs on VMware 5, Vsphere 4.0, configured ESX hosts, adding datastores to ESX hosts, creating vswitches, templates, migrating VMs across ESX hosts. * Designing Firewall rules for new servers to enable communication with application, Oracle 10g servers. * Working on Volume management, Disk Management, software RAID solutions using VERITAS Volume manager &amp; Solaris Volume Manager. File system Tuning and growing using VERITAS File System (VxFS), coordinated with SAN Team for storage allocation and Disk Dynamic Multi path. * Fine tuning of Servers and configuring networks for optimum performance. * Organized various meetings with teams as mentioned above for tracking their requirements as inputs to get this done and designed the plan/steps involved and took user approvals. * Installing, configuring Nagios on Linux, Solaris clients. * Setting up network environments using TCP/IP, NIS, NFS, DNS, SNMP agents, DHCP and Proxy. * Installation, maintenance and administration of Oracle and Db2 Server on Sun Servers. * Set up user and group login ID's, printing parameters, network configuration, password, resolving permissions issues, user and group quota. * As a member of the team, monitored the VERITAS Cluster Server 4.1 in SAN Environment. * Creating and maintaining user accounts, profiles, security, rights, disk space and process monitoring. * Created new groups and tested first in development, QA Boxes and then implemented the same in production Boxes.  Environment: Solaris 8,9,10, Red Hat Linux AS/EL 4.0, AIX 5.2, 5.3, Sun E10k, E25K, E4500, SunFire V440/880, DMX 3 &amp; DMX4, Siteminder, SonicMQ 7.0, VxFS 4.1, VxVM 4.1, SVM.Systems AdministratorForm Factor - Livermore, CA-April 2011 to March 2012Responsibilities: * Installation and configuring of SUN Solaris and Linux servers. * Involved in Building and configuring Solaris 8/9/10 using Jump start server and Red Hat Linux Servers using KickStart server as required for the project. Maintained maximum uptime and maximum performance capacity for Enterprise Production, QA, and UAT/Staging. * Incident management for Unix Servers (Solaris, Linux). * Installed and configured Solaris 10 servers with Zones and containers with Sun ZFS. * Primary responsibility includes building and supporting Solaris/ Redhat Linux 3,4 servers. * Monitoring CPU, memory, iSCSI disks, disk controllers, physical disk, HW and SW RAID, multipath, file systems, network using the tools NAGIOS and BMC Tools. * Extensive experience in installing, integrating, tuning and troubleshooting Apache, Tomcat, WebSphere and Weblogic application server. * Implemented SUDO, SSH and other security tools and implemented SOX (Sarbanes Oxley) security compliance. * Created Zetabyte file system (ZFS) in Solaris 10. Created zpools. Exported ZFS from local zones to local zones. * Installation and configuration Veritas NetBackup on Sun Severs and performing Backup using Veritas Net Backup. * Extensive use of Korn shell, Bash for scripting. * Expertise in Linux backup/restore with tar including disk partitioning and formatting. * Involved in Planning, building and Administration of various High Availability clusters and heart beat checking on Sun Solaris using VCS in heterogeneous SAN environment. * Regular disk management like adding / replacing hot swappable drives on existing servers/workstations, partitioning according to requirements, creating new file systems or growing existing one over the hard drives and managing file systems. * Planned, scheduled and Implemented OS patches on both Solaris &amp; Linux boxes as a part of proactive maintenance. * Worked with other IT teams, customers (users), and other managers in helping build and implement systems and standards. * Involved in migration of projects from one flavor to another one. * Involved in development, user acceptance, and performance testing, production &amp; disaster recovery server.  Environment: Solaris 8/9/10, Red Hat Linux 4/5, BMC Tools, NAGIOS, Veritas NetBackup, Korn Shell, Bash Scripting, Veritas Volume Manager, web servers, LDAP directory, Active Directory , BEA Web logic servers, SAN Switches, Apache, Tomcat WebSphere, Weblogic application server.Systems EngineerCGI - Herndon, VA-January 2010 to March 2011Responsibilities: * Installed RHEL 3.0/4.0 using kickstart and custom building the servers per SOW. * Installed/configured EMC Storage with 0, 1&amp; 5 RAID configurations. * Installed and maintained Security issues. * Installed Veritas Volume Manager, VCS Cluster Server for failover and for mirroring and raid level configurations on EMC storage frames. * Performed all System Administration tasks like cron jobs, installing packages, and patches. * Configured Mail relaying, virtual host, POP3 and IMAP4 services and enforced security policies. * Configured and installed Automount and Jumpstart. * Oracle Installation 8.1.5 on Solaris 2.6 &amp; Red Hat Linux Enterprise 3. * Diagnosing hardware/software problems and provide solutions. * Configured and maintained Samba Server, NFS Server, NIS Server and clients, DNS clients and AutoFs File systems. * Performing tape backups, archiving and checking data integrity through Shell Scripts and job automation. * Testing and upgrading production, development and test Linux and Solaris servers. * Creation &amp; Maintenance of user accounts &amp; passwords &amp; profiles, home directories, initialization of files, groups' creation and management, setting file permissions, customizing shell environment setup for users. * Troubleshooting various problems related to VxVM in initializing, replacing, mirroring, encapsulating and removing disk devices on various Production Boxes. * Maintaining production critical servers running Solaris UNIX, Linux supporting Oracle database and Web services. Providing 24x7 supports. * Worked efficiently using Veritas NetBackup on development and production servers for backups and restores. * Writing Shell Scripts for managing day-to-day transactions &amp; for automation of routine tasks.  Environment: SUN Servers (6500, 4500, 420, Ultra 2 Servers), Solaris 2.6/2.7/8, Veritas NetBackup, Veritas Volume Manager, Samba, NFS, NIS, LVM, Linux, Shell Programming.Systems AdministratorICICI Bank - Mumbai, Maharashtra-June 2008 to December 2009Responsibilities: * Installation, Configuration, Up gradation and administration of Sun Solaris, RedHat Linux. * User account management and support. * Jumpstart &amp; Kick-start OS integration, DDNS, DHCP, SMTP, Samba, NFS, FTP, SSH, LDAP integration. * Network traffic control, IPSec, Quos, VLAN, Proxy, Radius integration on Cisco Hardware via Red Hat Linux Software. * Responsible for configuring and managing Squid server in Linux. * Configuration and Administration of NIS environment. * Managing file systems and disk management using Solstice Disksuite. * Involved in Installing and configuring of NFS. * Worked on Solaris volume manager to create file systems as per user and database requirements. * Trouble shooting the system and end user issues. * Responsible for configuring real time backup of web servers. * Log file was managed for troubleshooting and probable errors. * Responsible for reviewing all open tickets, resolve and close any existing tickets. * Document solutions for any issues that have not been discovered previously.  Environment: Sun Solaris 2.6/7, SUN Ultra Enterprise 6000/450, SUN Ultra 10/5/2/1, Windows NT 4.0, RHEL 3.x.EducationB.Tech in Computer ScienceJNTU - Hyderabad, TelanganaSkillsLINUX (10+ years), VERITAS VOLUME MANAGER (6 years), VOLUME MANAGER (9 years), SECURITY (8 years), VERITAS (6 years), Vmware (4 years), Ansible (2 years), Redhat Satellite (4 years), Nagios (3 years)Additional InformationTECHNICAL SKILLS  Hardware IBM/HP/DELL Blade Servers, HP-9000, rx8640, rp7420, rp8420, N-Class, L-Class, D-Class, K-Class, IBM e-Server Regatta P690, P570, RS6000, IBM/HP/DELL Blade Servers, SAN(EMC, Hitachi), NAS (Netapp), SUN Enterprise- […] SUNFIRE […] E10K/15K Series Servers and Super Micros Hardware.  O / S Red Hat Linux (RHEL 5/6/7), Windows NT […] Solaris 10/9/8, HP-UX (11.00, 11.11, 11.23, 11.31) ,IBM AIX (5.1, 5.3), Networks DNS, NIS, NIS+, DHCP, Telnet, FTP, Rlogin Backup Management Veritas Netbackup 4.x/5.x/6.x, Ufsdump, ufsrestore, tar, dd, cpio Script Languages Shell scripts, Python Web Technologies Apache 2.x, Tomcat 7, WEBLOGIC 10,11, Websphere, JBoxx, IPLANET 4.x/5.x. Storage SAN, EMC Symmetrix / Clarion, iSCSI, SNAP, NAS, DAS ThirdParty Software LVM, VERITAS Volume Manager, LDAP, SSH Cluster Veritas Cluster Server (VCS), Sun Cluster, HP Service Guard, AIX HACMP RDBMS Oracle (10g/11g), MYSQL, SQL Server. Protocols SMTP, SNMP, ICMP, TCP/IP, FTP, TELNET, UDP &amp; RIP, DNS, WINS, DHCP NetBIOS, NetBUI. Antivirus Trend Deep Security, Symantec Antivirus Corporate Edition, Trend Micro Messaging Suite for Exchange, MacAfee Virus Scan Engine 7.1 / 8i, AVG (Grisoft)  Remote Access Tools Terminal Services, Net Meeting, Web - Ex, PC Anywhere &amp; VNC for Windows Servers. Cloud Computing Amazon Web Services(AWS) Automation Ansible, Puppet.Email Sr Linux/Unix AdministratorDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: May 15, 2018©2018 Indeed
Technical Support /Linux AdministratorEndurance @ HostGator-November 2016 to PresentUtilized strong communication and technical skills. ● Worked in a strong Linux systems environment. ● Use Linux command line to execute functions. ● Troubleshoot Linux server/web development issues. ● Provide complete support of billing, web hosting services, dedicated servers and WordPress ● Create support tickets through company ticketing systemMobile software SpecialistInsight Global @ Hewlett Packard-August 2015 to October 2016Developed test cases for Software Engineering builds. ● Executed, maintained and updated Software test plans cases per Spec Builds. ● Reported discrepancies, errors and bugs found in Software per specification documents. ● Updated and maintained Hardware and software components across all HP platforms,EducationBachelor of Science in Computer Science in Computer ScienceUNIVERSITY OF HOUSTON - Houston, TXMay 2018SkillsC#, C++, PYTHON, JAVA, ACTIVE DIRECTORYAdditional InformationTECHNICAL SKILLS Desktop Support: Active Directory, Virtual Machines, Windows server 2012, 2016. Programming languages: Python, C#, C++, JAVA  ADDITIONAL SKILLS ● Fluent in Urdu/Hindi ● Strong Customer service ● Extensive interpersonal ● Well aware of day to day changing technology ● Well Written/verbal and collaborative communication ● Strong problem solving skills ● Ability to adapt quickly and efficiently to any assigned role. ● Ability to confront and conflict difficult issues in a professional and proactive manner ● Ability to interact across all levels of managementEmail Technical Support /Linux AdministratorDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 22, 2018©2018 Indeed
Co-creatorFriendFinderBot-2017 to 2017• Created a twitter bot that scrapes a user's timeline to create a "personality" and match them with another user with a similar personality through the use of Golang. • Implemented a keyword analysis algorithm that scraped users' profiles to generate their "personalities".Co-creatorDing Dong-2017 to 2017• Created facial recognition software that is compatible with Amazon Alexa and uses Microsoft Cognitive Services in order to tell users who and what the camera is looking at. • Used Java to integrate the webcam with Amazon Alexa, and Node.js along with JavaScript to integrate Microsoft Cognitive Services with our software.Co-creatorBulwark Defense System-September 2014 to March 2015• Ideated, prototyped, created, and patented a device used to protect teachers and students in an active shooter scenario. • Articulated the device and its creation process to the media and the Federal Way school board.EducationCSEUniversity of Washington Tacoma - Tacoma, WA2018 to 2019InformaticsUniversity of Washington - Seattle, WA2015 to 2018SkillsHTML (1 year), JAVASCRIPT (1 year), PHP (1 year), JAVA (1 year), SQL (1 year)Additional InformationSkill Highlights  ● Strong organizational skills ● Proficient with Java, JavaScript, C, HTML, CSS, SQL, PHP, Git, R, and Golang P ● Fast learner with a wide range of practical skills  ● Critical thinking ● President of my senior and freshman class ● Bilingual in regards to English and Hindi. ● Can understand and speak basic SpanishEmail Co-creatorDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 22, 2018©2018 Indeed
IT TechnicianUniversity of Minnesota, MN-January 2018 to Presentmanage Ubuntu/Linux machines for the Department of Math within the College of Science and EngineeringEducationBachelor's of Computer Science in Computer ScienceUniversity of MN-TCSeptember 2017 to December 2018Bachelor's of Biology in Computer ScienceCarleton CollegeSkillsC (2 years), Python (3 years), Java (1 year), Git (3 years), Linux (4 years), MySQL (Less than 1 year)Linkshttp://github.com/jlindamoodEmail IT TechnicianDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: May 31, 2018©2018 Indeed
Linux AdministratorYellow Tail Training LLC - Silver Spring, MD-February 2016 to Present• Administration of a network of Servers • Install and configure Red Hat Enterprise Linux Servers in both Physical and Virtual Environments. • Deploy Virtual servers using templates and kick-start files. • Use VMware VSPHERE virtualization infrastructure • Install and update packages using YUM and Red Hat Satellite • OS patches and updates • Swap space management • Create specific File Systems for middleware developers (LVM) • Add new development user accounts, removing users, resetting user accounts in RHEL to allow new developers' access to Red Hat Servers. • Manage LDAP users • Troubleshoot services and applications through root cause analysis (DNS, LDAP, SSH, FTP, HTTP) • Manage firewall rules for new servers to enable communication &amp; security using IPTABLES • Monitor and control disk space usage • Remedy for ticket based IT Service Management SoftwareArmed Security OfficerNational Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA)-May 2013 to Present• Licensed to carry a gun and trained to properly use fire arms • Utilized security and safety equipment as necessary for each assignment. • Observed daily activities and reported any suspicious behaviors. • Prepared appropriate reports when a security incident occurred. • Assisted clients in determining potential security risks. • Conducted Facility Security Assessments. • Monitored security alarms via centralized communication centers.Redhat linux administratorUnarmed Security at District Photo Inc-2009 to 2013• Utilized security and safety equipment as necessary for each assignment. • Observed daily activities and reported any suspicious behaviors. • Prepared appropriate reports when a security incident occurred. • Assisted clients in determining potential security risks. • Conducted Facility Security Assessments.EducationAssociate in Computer Information SystemStrayer University - Takoma Park, MDOctober 2009 to 2012High School DiplomaHigh School of HaitiSkillsDNS (2 years), FILE (2 years), FTP (2 years), LDAP (2 years), LINUX (2 years)Additional Information• Operating Systems Red Hat Linux Enterprise 6-7, CentOS, • Virtualization VMWare (VSphere), RHEVM, Oracle VM • Storage/Installation LVM, kick-start, Swap partition, and reduce file system • Web/Mail/Identity Management LDAP, OPENLDAP, File permission and ACL'S • Networking SSH, DNS, NFS, DHCP, FTP, Iptables • Scripting BASHEmail Linux AdministratorDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 5, 2018©2018 Indeed
Senior Software Engineeriam.plus - Los Angeles, CA-November 2017 to PresentGo. Writing code to supported automated ingestion of large third-party data sources from Gracenote and 7digital.com. Wrote a partial oauth 1.0 library. Greenfield development and the refactor of an existing Golang codebase. Writing unit tests. Writing persistence layers with BoltDB and PostgreSQL.Senior Software Engineer (Contractor)OpenTable-October 2016 to June 2017Go. Developer on a team building container orchestration management atop Mesos and Singularity. Wrote a microservice to capture Github events and publish them to Kafka. Wrote a client and server to warm remote Docker registry caches prior to deployments. Repaired and refactored the build pipeline for a large Go project. Increased test coverage. Optimized container builds for size and operability. Contributed to upstream projects.Infrastructure Engineer (Consultant)Airmedia-July 2015 to April 2016Python. Audited infrastructure and modified automation to migrate from Amazon Linux to Centos. Wrote automation for building Docker containers. Fixed security vulnerabilities. Infrastructure architecture.Infrastructure Engineer (Consultant)ChowNow-October 2013 to February 2016Python. Audited and fixed AWS environment. Built VPN and monitoring infrastructure. Built centralized logging service with periodic rotation to object storage. Wrote automation to dump, scrub of PII, and encrypt production database for delivery to a data warehouse. Profiled, debugged, and fixed Python web application code. Built cross-cloud IPSEC tunnels. Interviewed back-end and operations hires.Infrastructure Engineer (Consultant)Brand Networks-January 2014 to June 2014Distributed systems (Cassandra) troubleshooting. Automated package builds. Worked with lead architect to interview and hire full-time operations team. Trained junior operations staff.Senior Product Development EngineerAT&T-January 2012 to May 2013Python and Ruby. Built and upgraded Swift object storage clusters. Wrote Chef automation cookbooks. Wrote Nagios plugins for security monitoring. Wrote software to integrate VPN with internal RADIUS service and RSA hardware tokens. Scripted firmware upgrades. Added monitoring metrics to existing deployments as well as greenfield development. Onboarded and managed a contract engineer.Director of Technical OperationsAdly, Inc-May 2010 to January 2012Python. Deployment automation to AWS. Postgres replication. Wrote monitoring plugins. Debian packaging. Architected logging and monitoring infrastructure. Participated in architecting and launching highly-available ad-serving platform.Infrastructure Engineer (Consultant)My Fashion Database, LLC-August 2009 to May 2010Ruby. Systems administration. Refactored infrastructure and code to cloud-native and migrated to Heroku.Lead EngineerRingplus-January 2009 to July 2009Telephony Engineer, Software Development, System Administration) Ruby. Developed custom calling card platform on Asterisk. Wrote least-cost-routing service. Set up VPN. Curtailed toll fraud. Integrated third-party web APIs with phone switches. Hired and managed three- person development team.SkillsGo (2 years), Golang (2 years), Software Development (9 years), Linux (10+ years)Linkshttps://github.com/alrsGroupsCNCF Kubernetes OrganizationSeptember 2017 to PresentCode contributor to Kubernetes and KOPS.Email Senior Software EngineerDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 7, 2018©2018 Indeed
African American Programming Coordinator & Academic SupportOffice of Inclusive Excellence - Staunton, VA-August 2017 to PresentOffer Academic support in selected fields and work with student coordinator of Ubuntu to manage academic referrals. Plan and coordinate leadership and college to career activities for students involved with PERSIST and IBW and assist the student coordinator with monthly student and mentor evaluation process for Ubuntu. Other duties as assigned.Member of Allocations Committee (Unpaid)Mary Baldwin University - Staunton, VA-August 2017 to PresentDistribution of funds to campus clubs and organizations.Team MemberDunkin' Donuts - Charlotte, NC-June 2018 to August 2018VITA Certified Volunteer through Mary BaldwinMary Baldwin University - Staunton, VA-January 2018 to April 2018Tax filing assistance to the people of the community.Sales AssociateHoney Baked Ham - Charlotte, NC-December 2017 to December 2017This was a temporary job over winter break where I handled the phones and made orders for holiday hams and turkeys for customers everyday.TreasurerMary Baldwin College Office of Inclusive Excellence - Staunton, VA-August 2016 to May 2017I handled the club's money to make sure we utilized it well.EducationBachelor's in Accounting, Economics, PhilosophyMary Baldwin University - Staunton, VAAugust 2015 to PresentSkillsAccounting (1 year), Customer Service (1 year), Documentation (2 years), Filing (2 years), Recruiting (2 years), Sales (1 year), Teaching (2 years)Linkshttps://www.linkedin.com/in/desjourn%C3%A9-r-25676415b/Certifications/LicensesSigma Beta DeltaMay 2016 to Presenta scholastic honor society that recognizes academic achievement among students in the fields of business, management, and administrationEmail African American Programming Coordinator & Academic SupportDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 6, 2018©2018 Indeed
Software Engineer InternFlipboard - Palo Alto, CA-May 2017 to August 2017* Designed and implemented an engineering operations web dashboard that queries all Flipboard AWS servers from a database and displays metrics through interactive tables, allowing for streamlined search and management
* Increased security of operations related tasks using LDAP
* Used Golang, ReactJS, RESTful APIResearch AssistantNational University of Singapore - Singapore-June 2015 to August 2015* Researched Saliency in the Visual Information Processing Lab
* Ran and benchmarked different algorithms for SALICONEducationB.S. in Electrical Engineering & Computer ScienceUniversity of California - Berkeley, CAAugust 2015 to December 2017A.S. in Computer Science, A.SDe Anza College - Cupertino, CASeptember 2013 to June 2015SkillsC++ (Less than 1 year), C, Python, Java, Go, React, Git, SQL (Less than 1 year), Ruby on Rails (Less than 1 year)Linkshttps://github.com/kimhoang73Additional InformationSkills • Python, Java, Golang, C, C++, Ruby on Rails, ReactJS, SQL Agile, Scrum, Git  Related Coursework • Data Structures, Software Engineering, Algorithms, Computer Architecture, Computer Security, Artificial Intelligence, Computer NetworkingEmail Software Engineer InternDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: May 30, 2018©2018 Indeed
DeveloperBillups - Portland, OR-January 2016 to Presentwebpack, reactjs, redux, sass, golang, python, material design, mySQL, S3, MapboxLead EngineerVillageDefense - San Francisco, CA-August 2015 to September 2016Ionic framework, Sails.JS, mongoDB, MYSQL, data migration, mixpanel, Cordova, Mobile Hybrid, Gulp, Github, AWS, WebSockets, AngularJS, Node.js, UX, Photoshop CC, Python, Firebase, iOS, Android, Mapbox, Twillio, 500 Startups, Amazon RDSFull Stack DeveloperCarematics-September 2013 to June 2015Swift, Objective-C, Android SDK, WebView, WKWebkit, Mobile Hybrid, Cordova, Node.js, Java, Express, Grunt, Gulp, Bower, Meteor JS, Github, Mongo DB, PostgreSQL, Leap Motion, Unit Testing, Python, Graph API, Mashery, Parse, , Mirth Connect, Hl7, Calabash, Google Cloud, AWS, Angular JS, Knockout JS, Jquery, Material Design, UI/UX, Photoshop CS5, WebSockets, WebRTC.volunteerAmerican Cancer Society Events App-August 2014 to September 2014Associate DeveloperNorfolk Southern-October 2010 to October 2013Worked to develop and maintain the first mobile tablet platform for production use within the company.  Device is used to track and update corporate office with live information utilizing multiple networking interfaces during the tablet's continuous use to meet Norfolk Southern's 24/7 364 days a year operations.  Using numerous custom made telemetry utilities in C#, powershell, device SDKs and python scripts, created by my colleges and I. With these tools, we have been able to analyze and maintain services to meet the strict 99% up-time internal SLA.PC/LAN SupportNorfolk Southern Corporation-May 2010 to September 2010Provided daily computing support to employees for internal transportation management software. • Administered and supported soft tokens, loaner laptops, Black Berry enterprise accounts and active directory account GPOs throughout company's transportation department. • Installed and maintained functionality on all internal laptop and workstation images. • Automated installation and updating processes using scripts.Lenovo Floor FocalIBM Internet Security Systems-June 2007 to March 2010June 2007 - March 2010 (2 years 10 months) • Helped Grow Lenovo's PC market share by 17% by providing exceptional support for customers and product specification for potential sales. • Utilized MS Office Suite generate Application Performance Indicator workbook for internal use and external presentation. Transferred ownership to employees within the team.  • Created detailed documentation agreeing with IBM's strict documentation policies. • Provided IBM employees and Lenovo special accounts(Best Buy, Blockbuster, RBC) with support for problematic IBM units. • Participated in business unit meetings pertaining to capacity management functions, business communications, software vendor demonstrations, etc.Operations InternThe Walt Disney Company-May 2006 to January 2007Solved guest admittance problems with the biometric identification system to admit guests into park. Recognized for independence and training on complex tasks. • Collaborated in trouble shooting of hardware to ensure proper functionality. • Maintained daily goals under high pressure environment and workload volume.  ProjectsEducationSome collegeLinkshttp://github.com/feralCodeAdditional InformationSkills &amp; Expertise iOS Android Node.js Linux CSS jQuery AngularJS JavaScript APIs MongoDB PHP Amazon Web Services (AWS) Servers Windows HTML SQL Python OS X Photoshop Ubuntu XP Powershell Objective-CEmail DeveloperDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 23, 2018©2018 Indeed
Rust AboutOPM oilfield services - Carrizo Springs, TX-February 2017 to March 2017I work there for about a month, cleaning oil line and constructing piping. Until they shut down. I am a hard worker, fast learning person to understand the concept of how things work.LandscaperNaples, FLI work in landscaping/tree service since i was 15 or 16. Im a hard working person. I am a hard working, fast learning person.Boat DetailerNaples, FLI work with my cousin marine mechanic from time to time as a boat detailer. Clean from the top to bottom.EducationHigh schoolGolden Gate High SchoolSkillsLandscaping, Mowing, Lawn Care, Oil rigger (Less than 1 year), Boats detailing (Less than 1 year)Additional InformationI can cook. I host my own cookouts. I can cook meats smoke, medium rare, well done season and prepared.Email Rust AboutDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 15, 2018©2018 Indeed
LINUX ADMINISTRATORIIA - Alexandria, VA-May 2014 to PresentExperience working in multi-OS environment up to 9,000 servers ● Mixed-OS Red Hat 5/6/7, AIX, HP-UX, Solaris ● Leveraging shell scripting in automating routine tasks ● System Administration responsible for server build ● Performing Physical server builds in Cisco UCS server ● Performing VM build in Red Hat Virtualization RHEV environment ● Automating server build using Kick start installation ● Experience managing user accounts with Identity Management Server (IDM) ● Leveraging Foreman proxy with Puppet in managing OS/Application configuration ● Migrating VM in Red Hat Virtualization RHEV environment ● Troubleshooting and resolving networking issues ● liaising with multiple stakeholders on new project ● Managing UNIX/Linux File system with LVM ● Import and export SIMs LUNs with LVM ● Working with NFS, HTTP, FTP on Linux server ● Configuring multipathing in Linux server ● Provide 24/7 tech support for Linux Server ● Troubleshooting Application/Database/Puppet related/OS/ issuesSecurity Support SpecialistKFM SOLUTIONS - Bowie, MD-June 2013 to May 2015BOWIE MD ● 06/03/14-5/15 Linux Administrador • Patch OS and Firmware on Physical and virtual machines • Excellent problem solving skills, including the ability to foresee problems before they occur • Create and Update Documentation for current Patching process • Coordinate with Lines of Business to schedule patching Create Change request for Patching in Production environment  • System Configuration/hardening by using IPTables, Selinux, TCP Wrapper, and turning off unnecessary services. • Building, deploying and configuring LAMP stack • Solid understanding of TCP/IP and multicast knowledge; Strong knowledge of SMTP, DHCP, DNS • Implemented vhost directives in Apache 2 • Experience installing, configuring, supporting and maintaining enterprise backups in a large heterogeneous data center environment • Server monitoring using Nagios • Implementing RAID technology using LVM on Linux • Systems Security Administration and User administration using Role Based Access Control and Sudo • Managing system processes and scheduling processes with Cron utility  MEDSTAR MONTGOMERY HOSPITAL, MONTGOMERY COUNTY 3/13/5/14 * Security Support Specialist • Troubleshooting at OS, Storage, Network levels. • Knowledge in installing NetBackup, MySQL, PHP, Apache • Excellent problem solving skills, including the ability to foresee problems before they occur • Day-to-day functional administration tasks, as well as application-specific technical supportEducationSome High School in GeneralHigh School - CayesOctober 1990 to July 2001SkillsLinuxEmail LINUX ADMINISTRATORDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 1, 2018©2018 Indeed
Python DeveloperComcast - Philadelphia, PA-May 2015 to PresentResponsibilities: • Performed Systems Analysis and detail application design. Worked on development and enhancement of automated tools for testing, integration and global application development. This includes detail description of availability. Also enhanced the check out and registration process. • Work with team of developers on python applications for RISK management. Managed full-life development cycles. • Developed GUI using Python and Django for dynamically displaying the test block documentation and other features of python code using a web browser. • Development and enhancement of the features using Django framework. • Held overall responsibility of coordination of implementations of software builds and releases • Provided analytics to help determine optimal way to assemble releases • Tracked any additions, deletions or change in scope on the published release plan including efficient tracking of defects. • Automating analysis of large data sets. Built the release plan roadmap and keep maintained for communication • Worked on UI modification using HTML, CSS. • Used Python and Django to interface with the jQuery UI and manage the storage and deletion of content. • Developed Application logic using Python 2.7 and Flask framework. Wrote backend data access Logic using MYSQL and SQL Server • Used Web Services to extract Supplier inventory for various high end items. Integrated the application with different internal system. • Designed and implemented a distributed, QA infrastructure for automated testing of a multi process software product. • Strong experience in developing entire application using Python, MySQL, Linux and Django framework, along with a rich user interface using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and jQuery. • Involved in Unit, integration and smoke testing. • Python/Django based web application, PostgreSQL DB, and integrations with 3rd party email, messaging, storage services. • Designed and developed the UI of the website using HTML, CSS and JavaScript. Developed entire front end and back end modules using Python on Flask Framework. • Designed and developed data center management system using MySQL. Rewrite existing Python/Flask modules to deliver certain format of data. • Used Flask Database API's to access database objects. Wrote python scripts to parse XML documents and load the data in database. • Generated property list for every application dynamically using python. Handled all the client side validation using JavaScript. • Using Subversion version control tool to coordinate team-development. Responsible for debugging and troubleshooting the web application. Environment: Python 2.7, Django, Flask, MySQL, Windows, Linux, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Apache, Linux.Python DeveloperRockwell Collins - Chicago, IL-September 2014 to April 2015Responsibilities: • Providing daily reports to the Development Manager and participate in both the design phase and the development phase. Utilized Agile Methodology and SCRUM Process. • Designed front-end and back-end of the application using Python, NodeJS on Django Web Framework. • Participated in Daily Stand-up meetings and provided status on work progress. • Wrote Backend python code to interact with Active directory using LDAP Module for the Authentication. • Developed entire frontend and backend modules using Python on Django Web Framework. • Involved in designing application system requirements and coded back-end and front-end in Django/Python. • Implemented code to create dynamic Excel reports for thousands of metadata using xlswriter. • Implemented code in Python to retrieve and manipulate data. Wrote Python scripts to parse JSON documents and load the data in MongoDB. • Developed entire frontend and backend modules using Python on Flask Framework. • Implemented and executed code to perform CRUD operations on MongoDB using Pymongo module. • Designed and developed the UI for the website with HTML5, CSS3, Java Script and Bootstrap. • Used JQuery and Ajax calls for transmitting JSON data objects between frontend and controllers. • Also used Bootstrap as a mechanism to manage and organize the HTML page layout. End to end testing of the applications. • Successfully migrated the Django database from SQLite to MySQL to PostgreSQL with complete data integrity. • Created server monitoring daemon with Psutil, supported by Django app for analytics which I created. • Re-engineered various modules for implementing changes and created efficient system. • Performed troubleshooting, fixed and deployed many Python bug fixes of the applications that were a main source of data for the customers. • Build development environment with Rally. • Maintained program libraries, user's manuals and technical documentation. Used Bitbucket for version control. Environment: Python 2.7, Django, Flask, Xlswriter, Linux, HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript.Python DeveloperSonata Software - Hyderabad, Telangana-April 2013 to July 2014Responsibilities: • Actively involved in requirement gathering and analysis period of the project in recording the business requirements by leading workshops/gatherings with different business clients. • Working cross-functionally to ensure proper functionality and delivery. • Developed backend modules using Python on Django Web Framework. • Composed python scripts to parse XML and JSON reports and load the information in database. Maintain a solid understanding of MySQL database. • Implemented Cross Site Scripting, CSRF and SQL injection for security and data protection. • Develop scalable applications and to effectively manage technology -tradeoffs and risks. • Design database structures and develop/tune data access utilizing SQL Server by creating Flask based ORM. • Developed views and templates with Python and Django's view controller and templating language to create a user-friendly website interface. • Used Flask Database API's to access database objects. Also involved in validating and processing of files. • Handled RESTful services with the help of python library URLLIBS. • Closely analyzed the database tables using sequel pro tool of MySQL to resolve integrity issues. • Used jQuery and AJAX calls for transmitting JSON data objects between front end and controllers. • Designed and developed the UI of the website using HTML, CSS, Bootstrap and JavaScript. • Deployed the entire code using Linux parameters of the virtual machines for UAT phase. • Collaborate with key stakeholders and project managers to design, develop, integrate, test, document and implement the system. • Tracking defects and resolving bugs using JIRA. Ensured quality by versioning with GIT. Environment: Python 2.7, Django, Flask, MySQL, Linux, Shell Scripting, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JIRA, GIT.Email Python DeveloperDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 8, 2018©2018 Indeed
Python DeveloperThermo Fisher Scientific - Pittsburgh, PA-September 2017 to PresentResponsibilities: • Participated in the complete SDLC process and used PHP to develop website functionality. • Developed Business Logic using Python on Django Web Framework. • Developed views and templates with Python and Django's view controller and templating language to create a user-friendly website interface. • Used Python and Django to interface with the JQuery UI and manage the storage and deletion of content. • Developed a fully automated continuous integration system using Git, Jenkins, MySQL, PostgreSQL and custom tools developed in Python and Bash. • Worked on HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Git, REST API, Mongo DB, intelliJ IDEA. • Performs in cloud computing environments using AWS EC2, S3, AWS RDS, and Redshift. • Experience working with AWS Redshift, S3 and Lambda. • Adapted functionality in AWS S3 and Redshift to allow incremental loading by adding staging layer and scripting SQL code to integrate staged data with the delta files. • Experience of using Python modules like NumPy, Matplotlib, Pandas etc., for generating complex graphical data, creation of histograms, etc. • Generated property list for every application dynamically using Python. • Worked with QA team to create detailed test strategies, test scenarios and test cases. • Involved in front end and utilized Bootstrap and Angular.js for page design. • Implemented AngularJS Controllers to maintain each view data. • Developed custom directives, services, filters and modules in AngularJS • Created Data tables utilizing PyQt to display customer and policy information and add, delete, update customer records • Experience with DB2 and Java Persistence. • Involved in using all core Java Concepts into the application for the reusability of the code. • Developed tools using Python, Shell scripting, XML to automate some of the menial tasks. • Coding in LAMP (Linux, Apache, MySQL, and PHP) environment. • Built application logic using Python 3.1. • Used Core Java features threads in developing applications • Designed and developed the application using Java Server Faces (JSF) framework • Used the Django Framework to develop the application and Django APIs for database access. • Worked on development of SQL and stored procedures on MYSQL. • Interfacing with supervisors, artists, systems administrators and production to ensure production deadlines are met. • Participated in requirement gathering and worked closely with the architect in designing and modeling.  Skills Python 3.1x, Django 1.4, Java, Angular.js, Bootstrap, Bash, Django ORM, PyQt, XML, AWS S3, AWS Redshift, MySQL, HTML, XHTML, CSS, AJAX, JavaScript, Jenkins, Apache Web Server, Linux.Python developerNIH - Bethesda, MD-August 2016 to August 2017Responsibilities: • Worked in stages such as analysis and design, development, testing and debugging. • Performance tuning and stress-testing of NoSQL database environments in order to ensure acceptable database performance in production mode. • Created and executed test plans using PyUnit. • Worked on Apache CGI, Chirrupy, Python and Bash programming on Red Hat machines to maintain and automate Splunk server deployments and other in house IT operations. • Wrote most of the logical code in Angular Services, writing minimal code in Angular Controllers. • Worked with various python libraries such as Pandas and matPlotLib for analysis and manipulation of data. • Dealt with large datasets by using Pandas data frames and MySQL, and performed dynamic implementation of SQL server work on the website using SQL developer tool. • Used Decorators, Generators, Lambda and Comprehension to write effective codes. • Implementing and configuring VMware Auto Deploy and VMware Update Manager. • Configuring VMware vSphere 5.5 in a VMware ESXi environment. • With using of Python OS module on UNIX environment, made job cloning and forking. • Thoroughly used Unit Test Python library for testing many Python programs and block of codes. • Developed Python/Django application for Google Analytics aggregation and reporting. • Developed views and templates with Python and Django's view controller and templating language to create a user-friendly website interface. • Manage the configurations of multiple servers using Ansible. • Utilized PyUnit, the Python unit test framework, for all Python applications. • Set up rules and policies with a Node.js/Python back end. • Involved and played a leading role in database migration projects from Oracle to Mongo DB, Couch DB databases based on my custom software. • Worked on CSV files while trying to get input from the MySQL database. • Created PHP/MySQL back-end for data entry from Flash. • Developed weekly, monthly nightly job process through UNIX shell scripting. • Involved in development of Web Services using SOAP for sending and getting data from the external interface in the XML format. • Having Strong Knowledge on Data Management Department. Coding with Rumba, Statics with Microsoft Excel, SAS, • Closely involved in performance evaluation and User Acceptance Test.  Skills Python 2.7, Django, Bash, PyUnit, Node.js, Mongo DB, MySQL, Numpy, sqlalchemy, Angular.js, Windows, UNIX.Python DeveloperCentene Corporation - St. Louis, MO-January 2016 to June 2016Responsibilities: • Worked with team of developers on Python applications for RISK management. • Made Django web based apps for Insurance premium calculations. • Designed the architecture of the hardware environments and methodology of the code • Done Job scheduling, batch-job scheduling and process control, forking and cloning of jobs and checking the status of the jobs using shell scripting. • Used Ansible to document all infrastructures into version control. • Used Ansible to document application dependencies into version control. • Used Python OS module on UNIX environment, made job cloning and forking. • Responsible for search engine optimization to improve the visibility of the website. • Handled all the client side validation using JavaScript. • Created PyUnit test cases for unit testing. • Created Data tables utilizing PyQt to display customer and policy information and add, delete, update customer records. • Used Python based GUI components for the front end functionality such as selection criteria. • Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using JSON. • Used Unit Test Python library for testing many Python programs and block of codes. • Used HTML, CSS, JQuery, JSON and JavaScript for front end applications. • Involved in testing RESTFull API like Twilio, Facebook and Twitter. • Designed and developed data management system using MySQL. • Involved in Agile Methodologies and SCRUM Process. • Participated in entire lifecycle of the projects including Design, Development, and Deployment, Testing and Implementation and support.  Skills Python, Django, XML, Java, Apache, CSS, MySQL, JSON, DHTML, HTML, JavaScript, Shell Scripts, agile, Restfull, UNIX and Windows.Jr Python DeveloperARIS Global - Bengaluru, Karnataka-January 2013 to July 2015Responsibilities: • Responsible for development and enhancements of all the modules of raildocs and have them running quickly with online features. • Developed Python batch processors to consume and produce various feeds. • Developed internal auxiliary web apps using Python Flask framework with CSS / HTML framework. • Used Python, Perl, CGI, JQuery, JavaScript and JSON at the front end. • Used Python scripts to update content in the database and manipulate files. • Generated Python Django Forms to record data of online users. • Engineered stable, isolated environments per game team. • Used HTML, CSS, JQuery, JSON and Javascript for front end applications. • Managed our servers in development, testing, certification and production. • Using Subversion version control tool to coordinate team-development. • Developed SQL Queries, Stored Procedures, and Triggers Using Oracle, SQL, PL/SQL. • Used Linux profiler Valgrind for optimization of code. • Implemented locking mechanisms using multi-threading functionality.  Skills C++, Python, Perl, Linux, Shell Scripting, Java Script, JQuery, JSON, MySQL, Apache, Linux.EducationBachelors in Information Science EngineeringVisvesvaraya technological University - Bengaluru, KarnatakaSkillsAPACHE (4 years), DJANGO (4 years), MYSQL (4 years), PYTHON (4 years), SQL (4 years)Additional InformationTechnical Skills:  Languages-Python […] Java, Shell Script, SQL Python Framework-Django 1.3/1.4 Databases-MySQL 5.1, SQL Server 2008, Oracle 10g Web Technologies-JavaScript, HTML, DHTML, XHTML, XML, Angular.js, Node.js Versioning Tools-Subversion, GIT, Perforce, SVN, CVS Web servers-Apache, IIS Cloud Services-AWS S3, EC2 and Lambda Operating systems-Linux/Unix, […]Email Python DeveloperDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 8, 2018©2018 Indeed
Linux AdministratorBoeing - Long Beach, CA-August 2017 to PresentPerformed Duties: • Installing, Upgrading, Patching, Configuring and Administrating (Red Hat Linux) RHEL 5, 6, 7&amp; Centos 6.X using Kick start, Jumpstart, custom configuration like package management, volume management of servers. • Configured volume groups and logical volumes, extended logical volumes for file system growth needs using Logical Volume Manager (LVM) commands. • Installing Red Hat Linux using kick start and applying security polices for hardening the server based on the company policies. • Installed, managed and deployed Linux Red Hat Enterprise, Centos and installation of packages and patches for Red Hat Linux Servers. • Installation, configuration and deployment of OS on Testing, Development, Contingency and Production Servers. • Mass Build of Linux OS servers using Kick start /jumpstart automation application. • Installation of Oracle open-client, Apache 2.x in Linux environment. • Creating and cloning virtual machines in VMware environment using Virtual Infrastructure client 4.x, 5.5 • Remediation of Security Vulnerabilities in Infrastructure environment. • Performing Disaster Recovery for Critical environments. • Configuring Puppet-master, Puppet-agent and writing manifests, scripting using bash. • Worked extensively with Network File System (NFS) for storage. • Creating logical volumes, extending the file systems using LVM. • Set up user and group login ID's, printing parameters, network configuration, password, resolving permissions issues, user and group quota. • Patch Management, Package Installation/Upgrades and Kernel upgrades. • Monitored System Activities like CPU, Memory, Disk and Swap space usage to avoid any performance issues. • Configuring multipath and creating physical volumes, volume groups, logical volumes. • Installed/Configured the WebSphere server, • Responsible for provisioning, maintaining and improving upon server infrastructure, split between physical data centers • Administration of Web Application Servers and performing tunings for better performance. • Performed OS, Network tunings on the Apache • Handling problems or requirements as per the ticket (Request Tracker) created. • Installation Red hat Linux 5.x, 6.2 and 6.3, 7.0, upgrade of and Linux operating system. Configuring DNS, DHCP, NIS, NFS • Management and monitoring of various services using Service Management Facility and Service Administration. • Implementation and administration of VMware ESXI 5.x, 6.0vCenter for running Red hat Linux, Servers on Production and Development. • Working with Apache, HTTP Server including proxy and caching configurations • Working on different blades and different clusters in VCenter. • Configured the NIS and DNS on Red Hat Linux 5.1 and update NIS maps and organize the RHN Satellite Servers in combination with RHN Proxy Server. • Installing Red Hat Linux using kick start and applying security polices for hardening the server based on the company policies. • Experience in configuring Kick Start servers to initiate installation of Red Hat Linux on several machines at once. • Create status reports, project plans and attend team meetings to coordinate activities. • Created Bash, scripts for various Systems Administration tasks to automate repeated processes. • Working with the hardware vendors and application team for the faulty replacement and planning the downtimes accordingly. • Installations through Satellite Server. • Worked on Installation/Configuration/Administrated VMware ESXI 5.1/5.5 &amp; 6.0 and migrated existing servers into VMware Infrastructure. • Worked with several networking products and protocols, including DNS, DHCP, TCP/IP, SMTP, LDAP, kernel.UNIX System EngineerAgency for State Technology - Tallahassee, FL-April 2017 to July 2017Performed Duties: • Installing, Upgrading, Patching, Configuring and Administrating (Red Hat Linux) RHEL 5, 6 &amp; Centos 6.X using Kick start, Jumpstart, custom configuration like package management, volume management of servers. • Configured volume groups and logical volumes, extended logical volumes for file system growth needs using Logical Volume Manager (LVM) commands. • Installing Red Hat Linux using kick start and applying security polices for hardening the server based on the company policies, worked with Linux Kernel, CF engine. • Troubleshooting and administering High Availability using VERITAS Cluster Server on various business critical database &amp; application production servers. • Maintaining and coordination of the production and non-production environments (OS patching, DB patching and configuration changes to support other interface changes. • Participated in Incident management and outage calls related to Network and application related issues and effectively contributed towards issue resolution. Configured Management Tools (PUPPET, CHEF). • Network configuration for interfaces, switch ports, Ethernet cards, host names, net mask and routes details, DNS, NFS, LDAP, NTP and SNMP etc. • Planned and performed the upgrades on Linux operating systems and hardware maintenance on HP and POWER servers like increasing memory, disk, replacing failed hardware. • Configuring, Maintaining &amp; Troubleshooting Cluster server issues. • Deploying Virtual Machines using Templates and cloning of Virtual Machines. • Supporting 24x7 production computing environments and providing on-call and weekend support.System Admin (UNIX)Federated Investors - Warrendale, PA-May 2016 to February 2017Performed Duties: • Configuring Red hat Linux Servers with Jumpstart, Ignite and kick start. • Configured and troubleshooting of NFS, NIS, DNS, DHCP, FTP, LDAP, Samba, Apache servers in Linux Environments. • Performed memory and swap management to improve optimization and performance of the servers. • Creation and scheduling Cron Jobs for backup, system monitoring and removal of unnecessary files. • Providing day-to-day user administration like adding/deleting users and managing user queries. • Worked on installation, configuration and manage Red hat Cluster Suite in Linux Servers. • Performed installation, configuration, upgrades, package administration and support for Linux systems on client side using Red hat satellite Network server. • Performed RPM Package Administration using RPM build, puppet, chef automation. Wrote scripts In bash. • Regular disk management like adding and replacing hard drives in existing servers and workstations. Creating partitions according to requirements, creating new file system or growing existing one over the hard drives and managing the file system. • Performed configuration of Network Multi pathing Linux. • Installation and Configuration of ESX and ESXI. Managing the Virtual Center 4.0/4.1/5.1/5.5. • Adding and extending Virtual Disks to add Disk Space to Servers. • Managing Snapshots for Virtual machines on vCenter Server. • Troubleshoot performance related issues on VM and physical servers. • Decommissioning Virtual and Physical Servers. • Configured and successfully Deployed EC2 instances with private and public subnet for Applications with Linux OS in AWS Environment. • Configure S3 Storages for backups of server and hosting website. • Deployed and Control Identity Access Management (IAM) for Linux Environment with AWS. Build and configured Custom VPC for private and public subnets with NAT Gateway and NAT Instance for Internet accessibility of hostsLinux AdministratorCare Source Inc - Hillsdale, WA-July 2015 to April 2016Performed Duties: • Worked in infrastructure team on installation, configuration and administration of Centos 5.x/6.x/7, RHEL 5.x/6.x/7, • Experience in System Administration, System Builds, Server builds, Installs, Upgrades, Patches, Troubleshooting, Security, Backup, Disaster Recovery, Performance Monitoring and Fine-tuning on UNIX Red Hat Linux Systems. • Set up user and group login ID's, printing parameters, network configuration, password, resolving permissions issues, user and group quota. • Configuring multipath, adding SAN and creating physical volumes, volume groups, logical volumes. • Handling DNS, DHCP, Storage Server, • Install new / rebuild existing servers and configure hardware, peripherals, services, settings, directories, storage, etc. in accordance with standards and project/operational requirements. • Troubleshooting Linux network, security related issues, capturing packets using tools such as IP tables, firewall. • Monitored server and application performances. • Managing systems routine backup, scheduling jobs like disabling and enabling cron jobs, enabling system logging, network logging of servers for maintenance, performance tuning, testing. • Creating disk groups, volumes, increasing volumes. • Installing VSphere, vCenter • Managing existing Virtual datacenter and cluster in vCenter. • Creating Virtual machines, updating VMware tools. • Installing and configuring servers. • Creating and maintaining user accounts. • Handling DNS, DHCP, Storage Server, • Install new / rebuild existing servers and configure hardware, peripherals, services, settings, directories, storage, etc. in accordance with standards and project/operational requirements.Jr. System AdminFedEx - DuPont, WA-April 2014 to June 2015Performed Duties: • Installing, Upgrading, Patching, Configuring and Administrating (Red Hat Linux) RHEL 5, 6 &amp; Centos 6.X using Kick start, Jumpstart, custom configuration like package management, volume management of servers. • Configured volume groups and logical volumes, extended logical volumes for file system growth needs using Logical Volume Manager (LVM) commands. • Installing Red Hat Linux using kick start and applying security polices for hardening the server based on the company policies, worked with Linux Kernel, CF engine. • Troubleshooting and administering High Availability using VERITAS Cluster Server on various business critical database &amp; application production servers. • Maintaining and coordination of the production and non-production environments (OS patching, DB patching and configuration changes to support other interface changes. • Participated in Incident management and outage calls related to Network and application related issues and effectively contributed towards issue resolution. Configured Management Tools (PUPPET, CHEF). • Network configuration for interfaces, switch ports, Ethernet cards, host names, net mask and routes details, DNS, NFS, LDAP, NTP and SNMP etc. • Planned and performed the upgrades on Linux operating systems and hardware maintenance on HP and POWER servers like increasing memory, disk, replacing failed hardware. • Configuring, Maintaining &amp; Troubleshooting Cluster server issues. • Deploying Virtual Machines using Templates and cloning of Virtual Machines. • Supporting 24x7 production computing environments and providing on-call and weekend support.EducationBachelor's in Computer ScienceTacoma CollegeSkillsDNS (4 years), RED HAT (4 years), DHCP (2 years), VERITAS VOLUME MANAGER (2 years), VOLUME MANAGER (2 years), LINUX (5 years), AWSCertifications/LicensesAWS Certified Developer AssociateMay 2018 to May 2020AWSAdditional InformationTECHNICAL SKILLS: Automation Tools, Scripting, Operating System: RHEL 4.X, 5.X, 6.X, 7.x, Centos 5.X, 6.X, Web /Application Server, Apache, Automation Tools: ANSIBLE, Puppet, Chef, Salt-stack, Shell Scripting  Clustering Solutions: Red hat Cluster Manager Storage System Software: Logical Volume Manager. Networking: DNS, DHCP, SMTPEmail Linux AdministratorDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 19, 2018©2018 Indeed
Linux AdministratorModest Technologies Solutions - Laurel, MD-January 2014 to Present• Experience administering, installing, configuring and maintaining Linux. • Experience installing, upgrading and configuring RedHat Linux 4.x, 5.x, 6.x using Kickstart Servers and Interactive Installation. • Responsible for creating and managing user accounts, security, rights, disk space and process monitoring in Solaris, CentOS and RedHat Linux. • Configures DNS, NFS, FTP, remote access, and security management. • Creates Linux Virtual Machines using VMware Virtual Center. • Installs, upgrades and manages packages via RPM and YUM package management • Installs Firmware Upgrades, kernel patches, systems configuration, performance tuning on Unix/Linux systems. • Installs, configures and supports Apache on Linux production servers. • Manages Patches configuration, version control, service pack and reviews connectivity issues regarding security problem. • Manages systems routine backup, scheduling jobs and enabling cron jobs. • Administers VMware Infrastructure Client 3.5 and vSphere 4.1. • Works with Database administrators to tune kernel for Oracle installations.Linux/Unix AdministratorAdvertising Wheels LLC-June 2012 to December 2013• Installed RedHat Linux using kickstart. • Created, cloned Linux Virtual Machines, templates using VMware Virtual Client 3.5 and migrating servers between ESX hosts. • Managed systems routine backup, scheduling jobs, enabling cron jobs, enabling system logging and network logging of servers for maintenance. • Performed RPM and YUM package installations, patch and server management. • Installed and configured Logical Volume Manager - LVM and RAID. • Documented all setup procedures and System relate Policies (SOP's). • Provided 24/7 technical support to Production and development environments • Administrated DHCP, DNS, and NFS services in Linux. • Created and maintained user's accounts, profiles, security, rights disk space and process monitoring. • Provided technical support by troubleshooting Day-to-Day issues with various Servers on different platforms. • Develop and Maintain documents, library and procedural documents of the system • Installation, configuration &amp; maintenance of Sun Solaris 9 and10 on Sun Servers and Sun Workstations and RHEL 5 and 6 • Creation of Users, Groups and mount points for NFS support; • Management of user accounts, files and directory permissions, and securing UNIX systems to match industry best practices; • Provides system administrative support for servers and workstations; • Software and hardware upgrades and routine systems maintenance by installing current Patches and Packages; • Utilizing SAR, Netstat, Iostat and Vmstat for performance analysis, tuning and capacity planning, problem prevention, detection and resolution; • Installation &amp; configuration of VERITAS Volume Manager for Sun Server disk management Unix workstations;System SupportShenandoah University - Winchester, VA-January 2008 to April 2009Systems Support • Supported general PC support and maintenance for over 200 staff capacities. • Established and maintained user accounts, assigned file permissions and established password and account policies; • Troubleshoot and resolved basic level system hardware, software and communications problems; • Performed basic system monitoring, verified the integrity and availability of all hardware, server resources, systems and key processes, reviewed system and application logs, and verified completion; • Monitored system performance &amp; tuned I/O, memory • Performed backup/restore operations • Maintaining appropriate file and system security, monitoring and controlling system access, changing permission, ownership of files and directories, maintaining passwords, assigning special privileges to selected users and controlling file access, monitoring status of process to increase system efficiency, scheduling system related cron jobs. • Installed and upgraded video cards, modems, hard drives, IDE controllers, SCSI drives, power supplier and memory components. • Performed system configuration and troubleshooting. • Created and managed user accounts and securityEducationBS in BiologyUniversity of Maryland Baltimore County - Baltimore, MDMay 2016Associate in General StudiesHoward Community CollegeMay 2011SkillsDNS (6 years), NETWORK FILE SYSTEM (6 years), NFS (6 years), APACHE (4 years), ORACLE (4 years)Additional Information• Operating Systems: RHEL 3/4/5/6, Ubuntu, CentOS and Fedora • Software: MS Office, ESX 4.x, 5.x, Tomcat, Web/ Application Server, Apache, Oracle. • Knowledge base: Trained Software Quality Assurance (STLC, RTM, SQL), Test plan • Test cases • Defect life cycle • Structured query language • NFS, SSH, Apache, DNS, Nagios, TCP/IP and TCP DUMP, LDAP  Summary of Qualification: Possess over 4 years of experience managing server infrastructural operations across multiple platforms. Effectively plan, install, configure and optimize IT infrastructure to consistently achieve high availability and performance. Specializes in Unix/Linux System Administration and support of various applications on a multi-server environment, with great command line expertise in multiple flavors: Red Hat Enterprise Linux, Red Hat Fedora and Centos. Among my expertise include;  • Installing, upgrading and configuring Linux Servers using Kick start • Installation, Configuration and maintenance of VMware (ESXi 4.x &amp; 5.x) in an Enterprise Environment and configuring Virtual Machines on the VMware host • Management of disks on Red Hat Servers using LVM, creating volumes, file system and resizing volume. • Installation and configuration of Local Repository to assist with software updates • User/ File management; Adding, removing and giving access rights to users on a server. Changing permissions, ownership of files and directories, and assigning special privileges to selected users and scheduling system related cron jobs. • Server Hardening to prevent attacks and hacking and generation of SSH authentication keys. • Experienced in Troubleshooting Linux Systems identifying Hardware, software (both OS and Application level), and networking Issues • Scripting;(Bash) writing scripts from scratch to automate tasks. • Utilizing SAR, Netstat, iostat and Vmstat for performance analysis, tuning and capacity planning, problem prevention, detection and resolution. • Configuration of various Remote access clients on Machines including iDRAC (Dell) • Experienced in RAID configuration for performance improvement and redundancy • NOC /Data Center experience. • Worked with Database administrators to tune kernel for Oracle installations. • Experience in Creation and managing user accounts, security, rights. Disk space and process monitoring in RedHat Linux. • Experience in configuration of NFS. DNS, LDAP, HTTP, DHCP, ftp, remote access management and security trouble shooting skills. • Experience on Webservers such as Apache Server 1.x, 2.x, &amp; Tomcat 3.x, 4.x. • Strong written and oral communication skills • Excellent Interpersonal Skills • Strong Presentation and Organization Skills • Strong work ethics • Robust personality and ability to withstand hectic work conditions • A great team player with good inter-personal skills and able to relate to all manner of persons • Willingness to adopt and manage change and relocate anywhere.Email Linux AdministratorDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 19, 2018©2018 Indeed
ABA TherapistUbuntu Autism Inc - Worcester, MA-November 2017 to Present• Assist Child with Activities of daily living • Record behavioral data • Use of skill acquisition programsVan way DriverAmerican Training Inc - Andover, MA-April 2016 to PresentProvide transportation for people with mental and health disabilities) • Transport clients with various disabilities, to and from their residence to American Training. • Ensure all the guests are safely transported. • Properly secure wheelchairs in and following all guidelines.Assistant Front End ManagerMarket Basket - Lawrence, MA-June 2013 to December 2015• Managed all front end personnel, up to 30 employees at a time. • Handled customers' complaints • Ensured compliance with the policies of the company • Managed main cash drawer • Balanced cashiers' cash drawers to a max of 500 dollars • Ensured employees are on time and appropriately dressed.Cashier-October 2010 to February 2015• Entered purchase into cash register to calculate total purchase price. • Accepted cash, checks, or bankcards for payment; • Balanced cash drawer and receipts and documented any discrepancies.EducationAssociates of Science in BiotechnologyNorthern Essex Community College - Haverhill, MASkillsASEPTIC (Less than 1 year), ASEPTIC TECHNIQUE (Less than 1 year), CHROMATOGRAPHY (Less than 1 year), DNA (Less than 1 year), ELECTROPHORESIS (Less than 1 year)Additional InformationSkills Bilingual in English and Spanish Proficient in Microsoft word and Excel Follow SOPs Use and are for analytical balances Solution preparation Aseptic technique Micropipetting  Agarose gel electrophoresis UV/Vis Spectrophotometer Chromatography: TLC, HPLC column, Size-exclusion, GC PCR, DNA techniquesEmail ABA TherapistDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: May 25, 2018©2018 Indeed
Software Engineer IICree - Durham, NC-February 2017 to PresentBackend Software Engineer in the IoT engineering group working on a highly concurrent microservice architecture that included data retrieval, processing, analysis, and persistence.   Tools used extensively include: Go (golang), python, linux, postgres, docker, and teamcity.Software DeveloperIMWerks - Greensboro, NC-July 2016 to February 2017I worked as a full stack developer on multiple web applications as well as working on many different scripts to help automate most of the company's day to day activity. I was also responsible for most of the database management for the company across different projects.IT InternThe Forge - Greensboro, NC-April 2016 to August 2016Responsible for creation and upkeep of network. Also created scripts using both python and powershell to do various tasks.Research AssistantUNC Greensboro - Greensboro, NC-January 2016 to April 2016Scholarship, and Creativity Office (URSCO), Greensboro, North Carolina • Research Assistant to Shan Suthaharan (Computer Science) and Anatoly Miroshnichenko (Physics and Astronomy)  • Conducted original research applying statistical and machine learning methods to the processing and analysis of the spectra given off by B type stars in an attempt to automate the classification of binarity of these star systems (whether the star system contains just 1 star or actually contains 2 stars rotating about one another).  • Utilized Python in order to complete the project which involved: Web Scraping, Web Design, Statistical Methods, Machine Learning Methods.EducationBachelor of Science in PhysicsUniversity of North Carolina - Greensboro, NC2016SkillsPython (5 years), Flask (2 years), Mathematica (3 years), MySQL (1 year), Linux (5 years), Go (2 years), PostgresSQL (2 years), Docker (1 year)Linkshttps://github.com/askewsethAwardsResearch GrantJanuary 2016Research Grant awarded by The UNCG URSCO in order to apply machine learning methods to the analysis of large amounts of astrophysics data in a collaboration between the departments of Physics and Astronomy and Computer Science at UNCG.Certifications/LicensesMathematica Student Level CertificationJanuary 2015 to PresentEmail Software Engineer IIDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: May 18, 2018©2018 Indeed
Delivery DriverJimmy John's - Ellensburg, WA-January 2018 to PresentAdaptive problem solving ● Device imaging ● Delivered Products promptly and on time ● Java, Visual Basic, HTML 5, C/C++ ● Ubuntu, Mac OS X, Windows vista, ● Obeyed all rules of the road 7, 8, 10 ● Dealt with customer issues ● Assured customer satisfactionEducationCSCentral Washington University - Ellensburg, WASeptember 2014 to PresentEmail Delivery DriverDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 19, 2018©2018 Indeed
Sr. LINUX AdministratorRed hat - Alexandria, VA-July 2011 to PresentKey Responsibilities: • Building and configuring Red hat Enterprise Linux 5 and 6Kick Start server • Redhat Enterprise Linux server's (5 and 6) installation using Kickstart. • Device-Mapper Multipathing configuration • Oracle ASM disk configuration • Red Hat Cluster configuration. • GFS2 Filesystem configuration. • Patching Linux and HP-UX servers. • IP tables and SElinux configuration • Open manage configuration in DELL servers. • Server virtualization using KVM (Kernel -based Virtualization). • NIC bonding configuration on Linux servers. • Created Linux VMs using VMWare Cloud director and vCenter • LDAP configuration. • Remote Syslog server configuration. • Configuring distributed file systems and administering NFS server and NFS clients and editing auto-mounting mapping as per system / user requirements. • Planned, scheduled and Implemented OS patches on both Linux and HP-UX boxes as a part of proactive maintenance and Secure Shell (SSH) implementation. • Participated in installing and configuring of UNIX/Linux based Oracle products • Closely coordinated with SAN team for storage, fabric issues. Upgrading Emulex cards, firmware for HBA to the current revision levels.  Environment: RHEL 5 and 6, Kickstart, HP-UX SAN-HBA, DM-Multipath, LVM, KVM, XEN, RAID, NFS, NIS, Sendmail -DELL Power edge R710, R91, HP PA-RISCSr. LINUX AdministratorMarriott - Frederick, MD-February 2010 to July 2011Key Responsibilities: • Installation, Configuration, Maintenance and Administration of RHEL 5 and 6 using Kickstart. • Applied patches on all Linux and HP-UX serves from common repository. • Configured DM-Multipath, GFS and Redhat cluster on Linux boxes. • Wrote extensive shell scripts to automate the tasks. • Installing R-programming language and SAS application. • Troubleshooting Day-to-Day issues with various Servers on different platforms. • File system Administration, Setting up Disk Quota, solutions on SAN/NAS storage. • Reconfiguring Consoles, NIC on the servers and worked with SAN migrations team to bring the EMC disks online. • Configured LDAP in Redhat Linux servers. • Managed Disks and File systems using LVM on Linux and HP-UX. • Worked with Linux, SAN, Oracle Database, and Network teams. • Monitored Linux server for CPU Utilization, Memory Utilization, and Disk Utilization for performance monitoring. • Configured and administered XEN virtual servers (domains). • Implementing software RAID at install-time and run-time on Linux • Add, remove, and resize logical volumes and file systems on Linux and HP-UX. • Diagnose and correct boot failures arising from boot loader, module, and file system errors on Linux. Environment: Redhat Enterprise Linux, HP-UX 11.11, 11.23, XEN, Logical Volume Manager, DM-Multipath. HP Proliant DL380, DL580, BL480.Sr. Linux AdministratorBank of America - Richmond, VA-December 2008 to January 2010Key Responsibilities: • Configured, deployed, maintained and patched Redhat Linux systems. • Linux Server and Storage decommissioning. • Linux installation using Kickstart. • Disk Management using partitioning tools like fdisk, parted, etc. • Software RAID configuration. • Supported SAS applications in configuring and Administration. • File system management ext3 file system &amp; utilities (mke2fs, e2fsck, and tune2fs). • Created Virtual machines using XEN and VMWare Virtual Infrastructure Clients. • Configuring and implementing Bind , Web servers (APACHE) and virtual hosting • Configuring and implementing LINUX Kernel re-compilation. • Managing printers, modems file systems and security. • Configuring and implementing DHCP, DNS, SAMBA installation and configuration on different. Platforms in heterogeneous Network environments. • Creating volumes and file systems using LVM • LVM and VERITAS volume Manager configuration. • Powerpath and DM_multipath configuration. • Supported thousands of users. • Configured GFS filesystems. • Installed patches using Satellite Server. • Configured TCP Wrappers, SELinux to secure services. • Configured ACLs, SUID, SGID. • Configured PAM authentication. • Firewall configuration using IPTABLES. • Installing/ updating packages in Linux through YUM. • File system management using Logical Volume Manager in Linux. • Data migration using open migratory/cpio. • Resolving Remedy and Peregrine trouble tickets.  Environment: RHEL4, 5 and 6, Solaris 8, 9 and 10, HP-UX 11.X, VMWare ESX 3.5, Logical Volume Manager, VERITAS Volume Manager and Solaris Volume Manger, VCS. HP Proliant DL380, DL580, BL480.Sr. Linux AdministratorWachovia - St. Louis, MO-September 2007 to November 2008Key Responsibilities: • Maintain over 250 Linux servers (Redhat, Centos). • Manage installation, patching, monitoring. • RAID configuration • Kickstart Installation. • Configured and Administered YUM repository server. • Automated repetitive tasks using Korn shell scripting on RedhatEnterprise Linux, HP-UX 11i, and Solaris. • Kernel upgrade and Tuning kernel parameters • 24/7 on call production support • Patch installation in RHELAS and ES, Solaris, HP-UX 11.XServers. • NFS, NIS, Apache, and Samba services configuration • Hardware and software troubleshooting. • Linux installation using Kickstart and PXE. • MC Service guard Cluster configuration • Net dump configuration in Linux servers. • Resolution of security auditing controls. • Tuning kernel parameters. • Performance and monitoring of systems • Solaris zone configuration. • HBA firmware upgrade in Solaris, HP-UX and Linux servers. Environment: Redhat Enterprise 3 4 and 5, HP-UX 11. V1, v2, Solaris 8, 9, Logical Volume Manager, VERITAS and Solaris Volume Manger, VCS.Sr. UNIX AdministratorCapital One - Glen Allen, VA-March 2006 to September 2007Key Responsibilities: • Configured various HBA's on Production servers using QLogic, Emulex, JNI HBA cards in RHEL AS 4 and ES 4 and HP-UX servers. • Managed HBA's using San Surfer and HBA anywhere. • Installation of RHEL AS 4 and RHEL ES 4 servers using RedhatKickstart. • Configured zoning on primary and secondary fabrics. • Configured Linux server for migration of Oracle Database. This involved heavy use of HP s Logical Volume Manager and EMC s disk management software. • Migration involved Backup&amp; restore and EMC's Open Migrator, cpio, rsync and cp. • Used LVM and VxVMextensively for creating volume groups, logical volumes. • MC/SG installation and configuration • Configured root disk Mirroring. • Creating nPars and vPars in HP servers. • Migrated data using various tools like Open Migrator, Open Replicator, SRDF and LVM migrations. • Storage provisioning using Symcli, Navisphere manager in EMC symmetrix and CLARiiONs. • Installation, Configuration and Administration of Linux servers using Kickstart and PXE. • Patching of LINUX AS 3 and 4, HP-UX, AIX and Solaris. • Supported around 2000 users. • Configured Virtual servers in VMWare ESX 3.5. • Supported applications installation in Linux, AIX, and Solaris. • Export and import volume groups and Disk groups during migration of databases. • Modifying kernel and network parameters as per Application usage. • Creation of Volumes and File systems using Logical volume manager on Linux Servers. • Participated in DR Excersizes. • NTP configuration • Sudo configuration • Performance and tuning. • Apache server installation and configuration. • Decommissioning of HP and Linux Servers. • User Management. • 24X7 on call support.  Environment: RHEL AS 4 &amp; ES 4, HP-UX 11.X, AIX and Solaris 8, 9, Logical Volume Manager, VERITAS Volume Manager, EMC and CLARiiON.Sr. UNIX AdministratorIBM Global Services (Cendant) - Denver, CO-February 2004 to March 2006Key Responsibilities: • Creating File systems on Solaris servers using VERITAS Volume Manager. • Built new Solaris servers using Custom jump start. • TSM client installed and configured on all new servers. • Worked on VxVM, Disk Suite, AIX and HP-UX LVM, Rehat Linux LVM • Used daily for file system creation and file system management • Manually tuned and regenerated kernel parameters. • Monitor the file systems and CPU load for better performance. • Detect and correct the file system errors. • Checking the server and software and update Patch level as and when required. • Managed disk space on Solaris and HP-UX systems using the Logical Volume Manager. • Installation of new hosts using Ignite-UX, kickstart and Solaris jumpstart. • System management using AIX SMITTY. • Performance monitoring and tuning using glance, vmstat, prstat, top and topas, sar tools. • Fine-tune the kernel of optimization of performance and debug system defects and requirements • Adding removing hardware. • RAID creation. • VERITAS cluster installation and configuration • Network configuration. • Recovery of systems due to system panics. Volume group recovery due to volume group configuration corruption. • Process management including Change, Incident and Problem management • Designed and implemented scripts for preventative maintenance.  Environment: HP-UX, RHEL AS 3, RHEL ES3, AIX and Solaris, 8, 9, Logical Volume Manager and VERITAS Volume Manager Solaris disk suite.UNIX AdministratorE-Advisors - Seattle, WA-January 2002 to December 2003Key Responsibilities: • Installation of HP-UX servers. • Creation of LVs and File systems. • Administrated NFS, NIS, DHCP and DNS Samba services running on HP-UX, LINUX and Sun Solaris. • Mirroring of boot disks. • Performance and tuning of HP-UX and Linux servers. • Administered Domain name servers applying hierarchal sub domains using master, slave and split server. • HBA driver's installation configuration in HP-UXenvironment. • Provide support for oracle DBAs • Coordinate computer resources and support for multi service exercises of 500+ users and managers. • Administer applications allowing cross utilization between NT4.0 and Solaris operating systems Significant Accomplishments. • Supporting the user community by managing a multi operating system environment. • Supported and troubleshot the LAN for each customer. This was to include configuration of server routing tables and NIC configurations.  Environment: HP-UX, Linux and Solaris and Windows NTSystems AdministratorINTEL Corporation - Phoenix, AZ-July 2000 to November 2001Key Responsibilities: • Linux/Windows NT System Administration. • Configured and maintained DNS and DHCP services. • Maintained systems to maximize availability and optimize productive of users. • Planned and implemented system upgrades. • IIS 4.0 web server migration. • Configured Microsoft clustering. • Set-up &amp; Administration of LAN consisting of Linux and Windows NT servers. • Administration of backups using VERITAS Backup Exec. • Planning effective Backup procedures. • Installation and configuration of Operating Systems and various softwares.EducationBachelor'sAdditional InformationTECHNICAL SKILLS  Operating Systems: RHEL4. 5 and 6, XEN Virtualization, VMWare Virtualization (ESX 3.5), HP-UX, Solaris, and Windows NT/2000 Hardware: HP Proliant and HP Blade servers, IBM blade servers, DELL power edge servers, IBM eServers x365, IBM blade center, HP […] LClass N class servers, HP superdomes, Sun Microsystems SPARC &amp; ULTRA servers/workstations (U5, Sun Blade 150, E450, E6500, E10K, E15K, E25K, V240, V480 and V880). SAN (Storage): EMC Symmetrix (DMX800, DMX2000, DMX3), Clarion CX700, Sun Disk Arrays 5200, 3500 and A/D1000. , IBM Shark. IBM ES 8100 Software: EMC Solution Enabler (SYMCLI 5.2 &amp; 6.2), Open Migrator, Open Replicator, Time Finder, SRDF, FabricManager, San Surfer, Emulex HBA configuration, LVM, VxVM, Solaris Volume Manager (ODS)VERITAS Cluster 4.X. Network: TCP/IP, NFS, NIS, DNS, and DHCP. UNIX Shell Scripts: Bash Bourne Shell and Korn Shell. Database: MySQL and Oracle 9i/10g, Business Objects XI R2  TECHNICAL EXPERIENCEEmail Sr. LINUX AdministratorDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 17, 2018©2018 Indeed
Senior Full Stack PHP Developer (Ubuntu Server)Xennsoft LLC-November 2015 to March 2017By far one of the most challenging opportunities I've faced in my entire career. Not only was I responsible for more infrastructure, I was also pushing my abilities and constantly learning new technologies. New technologies I've worked with at this position: Chef, Percona, Git (Setting up a Repo, Committing, Branching, Merging, etc), Magento 1.9, Object Oriented programming (HEAVY use of this with the way Magento is designed), Laravel, Ubuntu Server. The skills I brought to the table were good, but I leveled up so much at this job that I feel more confident than ever to tackle anything a job throws at me. I used the usual LAMP stack ( PHP5, PHP7, HHVM, Ubuntu, Javascript, JQuery, some Prototype, HTML5, CSS3, Responsive Web Design, Node.js). I will eternally be grateful to Xennsoft for giving me this opportunity to grow and become a well-rounded developer. I still have a lot to learn, but now I have a better toolset to work with.  * A bit of a side note: This position was originally onsite. Xennsoft could not find good senior PHP devs in the Utah area, so they decided to implement remote work. I am currently working remotely and have been for going on 8 months. Remote work has it's pros and cons, but for the most part I am comfortable with either onsite or remote work. It doesn't matter to me, as long as I can code. We use Slack, Google Meet, Trello, and a plethora of Google services to communicate with teammates. It has worked quite well.Full Stack PHP Developer (Windows *shivers*)SpotlightHomeTours.com-August 2014 to November 2015At Spotlight I worked on maintenance as well as new development for PHP applications running on a stack I've never used before: Windows. To be honest, it wasn't my cup of coffee. I'm much more comfortable with Linux servers, so this job was the most challenging job I've had. I made internal applications, and consumer facing applications. I coded for mobile and desktop. I utilized YouTube APIs, MLS APIs (Real estate db type stuff), PHP5, Bootstrap, JQuery, Javascript (non-Ecmascript), CSS, Mysql, and HTML5. I also had to hack a few Coldfusion scripts to interact with PHP scripts. It was very outside my comfort zone, but I got it done. I'm not a strong graphic designer, but this job position called for a full stack web developer. I did my best to create good looking web apps. That's when I found out about Bootstrap. I worked alongside the main developer who had over 10 years experience doing full stack web development. I absorbed as much knowledge from him, and even taught him a thing or two (i.e.: strategy design pattern). Before I got onboard with the company, they didn't use any sort of code versioning software. I helped them implement an SVN repository, after a failed attempt at getting a git repo started (I'm now more competent with Git as a result of my experience at Xennsoft LLC). Overall, a positive experience.PHP DeveloperVault Denim-September 2013 to May 2014Utilized the following technologies to create dynamic web sites: PHP5, Mysql, Javascript, JQuery, CSS, HTML. Created, maintained, and used Subversion repositories. In charge of maintaining a custom codebase that extends and modifies the behaviour of the X-Cart Shopping Cart software. Deployed automatic billing with TaxCloud and Authorize.net. Created development environments for coders and graphic designers.Software Engineer (Embedded Linux)Luxul Corporation-February 2013 to August 2013Developed interactive router and Access Point software for embedded systems, utilizing OO PHP5. 4, Javascript, Jquery, CSS, HTML and some HTML5. Responsible for all web related tasks. Worked with legacy C code and ported that to PHP. Built an MVC platform for plug and play usage of code. Developed for Broadcom and Aetheros chipsets. Used Subversion as our version control of choice. Ported Prototype.js software to JQuery.PHP EngineerDailydealoff.com-October 2011 to April 2012Administered CentOS dedicated server. Created and maintained PHP applications. Implemented PHP scripts to interact with PHPList emailing system. Automated tasks using CRON jobs. Edited proprietary CMS to match design specifications of company. Deployed and maintained applications using PHP, MySQL, and Javascript. Frequent use of bash command prompt via SSH.PHP Engineer (Mint Linux)Brean Law Trademark Firm-January 2012 to March 2012Designed and implemented connectors between Zoho CRM and Interspire email marketer. Deployed and developed applications utilizing PHP and MySQL databases. Automated various tasks with cron jobs such as cleaning and sanitizing data. Job was done completely over SSH connection.Web Developer (Debian Linux)Rainbow Farms Super Market-June 2010 to December 2010Main web developer/IT consultant. Created multiple Flash files for overall design. Created a fully functional CMS in PHP that integrated with the Joomla CMS.Consultant (Debian Linux)Procomp Computers-January 2005 to January 2006Began working as a Network Security Consultant. Secured the internal network using OpenWRT, IPTABLES, and Open Source Intrusion Detection Systems. 3 months later became the main software developer. Developed office software using C++, PERL, PERL DBI, PHP, and MySQL. Researched, setup, and maintained a Microsoft VPN. Administered Debian Linux server. Setup Apache / PHP / PERL / MySQL server.Data Entry (Windows)Apartments247.com-June 2003 to February 2004Initially employed for main data entry specialist, eventually worked up to web programming position. Programmed ASP (VBScript), HTML, DHTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Office-based environment; frequent interaction with immediate boss and CEO.EducationCA Vocational school for computer programmingJuly 2003Coleman CollegeLinkshttps://github.com/wmerfalenEmail Senior Full Stack PHP Developer (Ubuntu Server)Download ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 21, 2017©2018 Indeed
Software EngineerPowerley-March 2017 to PresentSpearheaded effort to bring automated testing, continuous integration, and automated deployment to company workflow § Built out custom internal tooling to debug and manage our massive fleet of deployed devices § Gained deep understanding of Linux kernel internals by maintaining an embedded Linux distribution § Technologies: JavaScript, React.js, Redux, Redis, AWS, embedded Linux, and GolangFull-Stack EngineerFlye-June 2016 to March 2017Collaborate with one other engineer to architect and develop a social media aggregation platform from the ground up § Experience working with Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram APIs and optimizing a high-volume streaming data pipeline § Company selected for 500 Startups Accelerator (Batch 19) § Technologies: Node.js, React.js, Redux, Redis, PostgresSQL, Heroku, and PrometheusJavaScript EngineerLevelEleven-August 2014 to June 2016Work with a small team to develop a software platform to motivate positive employee behaviors § One of the highest rated apps on the Salesforce AppExchange (4.9/5 stars, 180+ reviews) § Led front-end development of greenfield product to complement existing product suite (LevelEleven Scorecard) § Maintained strong emphasis on simplistic and intuitive UIs § Technologies: React.js, Node.js, Express, Passport, Socket.io, Redis, MongoDB, AWS, and PostgreSQLSoftware Developer Full TimeNew World Systems-May 2013 to August 20149 Months) Software Developer Intern (3 months) § Developed an integrated suite of applications for municipalities (Police, Fire, and EMS) § Gained a deep understanding of the Microsoft CLR - Experience interoping JVM and Native code § Experienced in addressing unique challenges of low-bandwidth mobile communication (RadioIP) § Technologies: C#, .NET, WCF, LINQ, SQL Server, and Microsoft's Unity Framework.Java Development InternUnisys Corporation-December 2012 to May 2013MiSACWIS Project - Michigan Statewide Automated Child Welfare Information System § Communicated with business analysts and end users to build to strict design specifications § Optimized SQL queries for a large dataset of 450+ tables and 100M+ recordsRemote Java DeveloperImpulse Software-March 2009 to July 2010Helped develop an automation application for the internet multiplayer game RuneScape(TM) § Devised a hybrid strategy of monitoring game state through optical recognition and Java reflection § Direct customer interaction through both a structured ticket system and direct community forum input § Worked independently from home with a development team of 30+ people from multiple countriesEducationB.S. in Computer ScienceMichigan State UniversitySeptember 2010 to August 2013MSU College of EngineeringSkillsC#, Embedded, Java, JavascriptEmail Software EngineerDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 16, 2018©2018 Indeed
Python DeveloperBNSF Railway - Chevy Chase, MD-December 2016 to PresentResponsibilities: * Developed Views and Templates with Django view controller and template language to create a user-friendly website interface. * Configured the Django admin site, dashboard and created a custom Django dashboard for end users with custom look and feel. Used Django APIs for database access. * Implemented MVC architecture in developing the web application with the help of Django framework * Used Python and Django for XML, JSON processing, data exchange and business logic implementation. * Built database Model, Views and API's using Python for interactive web based solutions. * Used Python scripts to update the content in database and manipulate files. * Created UI using JavaScript, Perl and HTML5. Designed and developed data management system using MySQL. * Worked in MySQL database on simple queries and writing Stored Procedures for normalization and renormalization. * Generated Python Django Forms to record data of online users * Used Python and Django creating graphics, XML processing, data exchange and business logic implementation * Used Pandas API to put the data as time series and tabular format for east timestamp data manipulation and retrieval. * Worked on Jenkins continuous integration tool for deployment of project. * Played a key role in a development wide transition from Subversion to Git, which resulted in increase in efficiency for the development community. * Worked on developing internal testing tools which were written in Python. * Worked on Libraries like Pandas for data manipulation and analysis. * Programmatically controlled the COMSOL Multiphysics® model in the MATLAB® graphical user interface to perform case studies and customize plots and data processing. * Developed most of the application part in Linux environment and very much familiar with all its commands. * Used TKinter to implement GUI for the user to create, modify and view reports based on client data. * Added support for Amazon AWS S3 and RDS to host static/media files and the database into Amazon Cloud. * Implemented RESTful Web-Services for sending and receiving the data between multiple systems. * Used Python Library Beautiful Soup for web Scrapping. * Responsible for debugging and troubleshooting the web application. * Developed, tested and debugged software tools utilized by clients and internal customers. * Coded test programs and evaluated existing engineering processes.  Environment: Linux, Python, Django, Ansible, HTML, XML, JavaScript, AngularJs, JQuery, MS SQL Server, Amazon s3, Jenkins, Mongo DB, Hadoop Beautiful soup, Perl, Pandas, Matlab, Eclipse, Kafka Git, GitHub, JIRAPython Developer / Nassau BayEquifax - Atlanta, GA-November 2014 to December 2016Responsibilities: * Developed the presentation layer using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery and AJAX. * Utilized Python libraries wxPython, numPY, Pandas, Twisted and matPlotLib. * Implemented SQL Alchemy which is a python library for complete access over SQL. * Worked on Element Tree XML API in python to parse XML documents and load the data in database. * Skilled in collections and used for manipulating and looping through different user defined objects. * Developed views and templates with Python and Django's view controller and templating language to created user-friendly website interface. * Used Pandas library for statistical Analysis. * Pandas library was used for flexible reshaping and pivoting of data sets. * Used Django configuration to manage URLs and application parameters. * Created entire application using Python, Django, MySQL and Linux. * Installed, configured, and managed the AWS server. * AWS data pipeline for Data Extraction, Transformation and Loading from the homogeneous or heterogeneous data sources. * Accessed database objects using Django Database APIs. * Worked on python based test frameworks and test driven development with automation tools. * Strong experience working with real time streaming application and batch style large scale distributed computing applications using tools like Spark Streaming. * Implemented advanced procedures like text analytics and processing using the in-memory computing capabilities like Apache Spark written in Scala. * Responsible for debugging and troubleshooting the web application. * Manage the configurations of multiple servers using Ansible. * Deployed mircoservices2, including provisioning AWS environments using Ansible Playbooks. * Provisioned load balancer, auto-scaling group and launch configuration for mircoservice using Ansible. * Used Ansible playbooks to setup Continuous Delivery pipeline. This primarily consists of a Jenkins and Sonar server, the infrastructure to run these packages and various supporting software components such as Maven, etc. * Experience in writing playbooks for Ansible and deploying applications using Ansible. * Automated various infrastructure activities like Continuous Deployment, Application Server setup, Stack Monitoring using Ansible playbooks and has integrated Ansible with Run deck and Jenkins. * Provisioned and patched servers regularly using Ansible. * Implemented Ansible to manage all existing servers and automate the build/configuration of new servers. * Developed an Ansible role for Zabbix-agent which will be integrated into the to the CICD pipeline. * Used Ansible to document all infrastructures into version control. * Used Ansible to document application dependencies into version control. * Responsible for on boarding Application teams to build and deploy there code using GitHub Jenkins, Nexus and Ansible * Migrated out core repository from SUBVERSION to GIT. * Managed GitHub Projects and migrated from SVN to GitHub with history. * Used Cloud Trail, TESSA, Cloud Passage, Check Marx, Qualys Scan tools for AWS security and scanning. * Created monitors, alarms and notifications for EC2 hosts using Cloud Watch. * Performed web testing automation using selenium API. * Performed parameterization of the automated test scripts in Selenium to check how the application performs against multiple sets of data Contributed in developing Automation Framework that uses Java, Selenium Web Driver and Testing. * Wrote automation test cases and fixing automation script bugs. * Experience with migration to Amazon web Services AWS.  Environment: Python, Django, CSS, HTML, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, MYSQL, Linux, GIT.va, JQuery, MySQL, Linux, AWS, Pandas, Cassandra, Hadoop, Eclipse, Perl, Matlab, Shell ScriptingPython DeveloperCephalon - Frazer, PA-October 2012 to November 2014Responsibilities: * Associated with various phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) of the application like requirement gathering, Design, Analysis and Code development. * Developing Python Framework using Django to perform scan software unit monitoring. * Designed the front end of the application using Python. * Design and development of user interfaces and client displays using Java Script, JSP, CSS and troubleshoot various issues in Python code and fix them with code enhancements- code used various python libraries such as PyJamas and Jython. * Built various graphs for business decision making using Python matplotlib library. * Developed and tested many features for dashboard using Python, Bootstrap, CSS, and JavaScript. * Worked on developing internal testing tools which were written in Python. * Developed the front-end featuring rich web interface using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and used JQuery framework for UI centric AJAX behaviour. * Developed server side application and server side validations using Django framework. * Performed validations for input fields making use of mainly Active Records. * Implemented MVC architecture in developing the web application with the help of Django framework. * Associated with working cloud computing platforms like Open stack. * Built various graphs for business decision making using Python Matplotlib library. * Fetched twitter feeds for certain important keyword using python-twitter library * Analysis and Design of application. * Implemented business logic using Python/Django. * Responsible for setting up Python REST API framework using Django. * Implement code in python to retrieve and manipulate data.  Environment: Python 3.x, Django 1.4, MySQL, Linux, HTML, XHTML, CSS, AJAX, JavaScript, Perl, Apache Web Server, Git, Linux.DevOps / Release and Build EngineerWalt Disney - Burbank, CA-September 2010 to October 2012Responsibilities: * Worked with optimization of server resources, Amazon Elastic Cloud instances and website security, Web services /REST, Amazon AWS, Chef and Puppet. * Created instances in AWS as well as worked on migration to AWS from data Center. * Automated application deployment in the cloud using Docker technology using Elastic Container Service scheduler. * Having good Experience in Chef and Puppet for Deployment on Multiple platforms. * In-depth knowledge of computer applications and scripting like Shell, Python, Ruby, Perl, JavaScript and XML. * Developed and supported the Software Release Management and procedures. * Performed all necessary day-to-day Subversion/GIT support for different projects. * Responsible for design and maintenance of the Subversion/GIT Repositories, views, and the access control strategies. * Designed and implemented Subversion and GIT metadata including elements, labels, attributes, triggers and hyperlinks * Incident management reports, including initial problem analysis, management status, resolution, and follows up defect reporting in an automated fashion. * Implemented &amp;maintained the branching and build/release strategies utilizing Subversion/GIT. * Involved in periodic archiving and storage of the source code for disaster recovery. * Worked closely with developers to pinpoint and provide early warnings of common build failures * Experienced in Writing JAVA scripts in automation frame works * Experienced with designing scenarios in Black box testing, GUI Testing, Functionality Testing, Integrated Testing, Regression Testing, Positive and Negative Testing, Volume Testing, Load Testing, Stress Testing, User Acceptance Testing. * Expertise in Querying RDBMS such as Oracle, MYSQL and SQL Server by using SQL for data integrity. * Contribute to cloud service design, configuration and deployment. * Good experience in Web Logic, Web sphere, Tomcat Application Server for application deployments. * Created build pipeline for application versions, using Jenkins Continues Integration. * Created and managed a Docker deployment pipeline for custom application images in the cloud using Jenkins. * Incident management reports, including initial problem analysis, management status, resolution, and follows up defect reporting in an automated fashion. * Expanded Experience in Network Management like DNS, NIS, NFS, LDAP, send mail, ftp, SSL, SSH, HTTPS, SFTP, TFTP and system troubleshooting skills. * Have Experience on Ruby with chef Automation tools. * Worked with different Bug &amp; Log Tracking Tools like Splunk, Remedy, Jira and Clear Quest. * Created and configured new JIRA projects and worked with departments to maintain existing JIRA projects. * Microservices have been built using spring boot, Netflix OSS, spring cloud and deploying to AWS Cloud.  Environment: Jenkins, Java/J2EE, ANT, Maven, Subversion, Python, Power Shell, GIT, Tomcat, Apache, Clear Case, Bash Scripts, Ruby Agile, Jenkins, Nginx, GIT, Chef, AWS, Cassandra, Linux, Stash, Shell, Nexus, Netflix, Apache Tomcat, Selenium, Maven.Java / SQL DeveloperAssurant Inc - New York, NY-August 2008 to September 2010Worked on developing UI pages for Assurant. The job includes using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JSON and jQuery using Sybase ASE server. Worked on testing API using selenium package using python  Responsibilities: * Involved in developing the UI pages using HTML, DHTML, CSS, JavaScript, JSON, jQuery, Ajax. * Involved in various phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) such as requirements gathering, modelling, analysis, design and development. * Performed Design, involved in code reviews and wrote unit tests in Python. * Designed the database schema for the content management system Performed Design and Code reviews. * Wrote Python scripts to parse XML documents and load the data in database. * Generated Use case diagrams, Activity flow diagrams, Class diagrams and Object diagrams in the design phase. * Responsible for entire data migration from Sybase ASE server to Oracle. * Migration of API code written for Sybase to Oracle. * Overlook the migration activity of PL/SQL programs. * Migration of the PL/SQL code from Sybase to Oracle. * Migration of the data contained in the earlier ASPL Database from Sybase to Oracle. * Migrate the Libraries written using Sybase API's to Oracle's OCCI API's. * Automation of testing using Python.  Environment: Python, Java, JDBC, XML, PL/SQL, SQL, web services.EducationBachelor of Technology in Electronic and Communication Engineeringcolumbia university new yorkSkillskeven.bove22@gmailnok.usEmail Python DeveloperDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 8, 2018©2018 Indeed
Camp CounselorCamp Ubuntu Watts-June 2017 to July 20176-week summer camp in the heart of Watts, CA ● Provided modeling behavior for the children ● Prepared daily lesson plans ● Incorporated artistic projects to allow student opportunities for expression ● Crafted interactive activities for middle school children ● Utilized communication skills between co-counselors and supervisors ● Connected effectively with the children during opportune times i.e. shared meals and field tripsCamp CounselorCanyon Creek Summer Camp-June 2016 to July 2016Provided opportunities for team Building ● Ensured a safe, fun environment for children attending sleepaway camp ● Achieved full counselor status after completing the first two-week rotation ○ Assumed full responsibility of the children in assigned cabins ○ Performed for campers during nightly campfire skits ○ Taught and modeled effective community valuesSenior Leader, Multicultural SymposiumWildwood School-August 2015 to March 2016● One of three seniors that orchestrated the annual all-day event ● Recruited speakers, performers, and workshop leaders ● Created a schedule for roughly sixty workshops ● Responsible for participant communication and outreach ● Managed the flow of the event throughout the dayAssistant Camp CounselorCanyon Creek Summer Camp-June 2015 to July 2015Provided opportunities for team building ● Contributed to a safe, fun environment for children attending sleepaway camp ● Lead weekly activities with campers ● Assisted on team building between campers ● Participated in team building with fellow co-counselors ● Improved effective communication  ActivitiesVolunteerCedars Sinai Medical Center-June 2011 to July 2015300+ hours ● Welcomed and escorted visitors between medical buildings ● Interacted with patients and comforted their families to provide the best visitor experience ● Built relationships with Pre-Op/Post-Op nursing staff in surgical areas ● Disseminated information to families regarding patient progress in a timely manner ● Delivered flowers, mail, and other gifts to rooms across the medical campus ● Trained new desk volunteers ● Assisted the Teen Coordinator in filing, organizing, and inputting data of volunteer hours into the computer system VYSYS-ONEStudent Representative, Student Diversity Leadership ConferenceWildwood School - Los Angeles, CA-2014 to December 2014Located in Indianapolis, Indiana ● Selected by teachers and peers to represent Wildwood High School  ● Attended workshops pertaining to biracial identity and international adoption  ● Debriefed with teachers and peer leadershipEducationCritical Diversity Studies, Comparative TrackUniversity of San Francisco - San Francisco, CA2016 to 2020SkillsCUSTOMER RELATIONS (Less than 1 year), MULTITASKING (Less than 1 year), PROBLEM RESOLUTION (Less than 1 year), TEAM PLAYER (Less than 1 year), TIME MANAGEMENT (Less than 1 year)Additional InformationSkills &amp; Abilities ● Strong work ethic ● Team player with positive attitude ● Deadline-driven ● Attention to detail ● Computer literate ● Strong planning skills ● Participate in problem resolution and customer relations ● Adept at multitasking and time management ● Open-mindedEmail Camp CounselorDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: May 28, 2018©2018 Indeed
Linux System AdministratorAction Net Cooperation - Fairfax, VA-September 2014 to PresentPrimary Responsibilities Includes: ➢ Experience with Virtualization technologies such as installing, configuring, and administering VMware ESX/ESX 6 5.5, Red Hat environment ➢ Experience in Server monitoring, capacity planning, application monitoring ➢ Experience with Kick start in Redhat Linux, Jumpstart, and Flash Install in Solaris. ➢ Participate in the implementation and maintenance of NFS, DNS, DHCP and Samba Server in a heterogeneous environment. ➢ Experienced with Linux family (Red Hat Enterprise Server, Cent OS). ➢ Experienced with TCP/IP networking tool using them in network configuration, maintenance and troubleshooting ➢ Experienced in task like managing User Accounts, Groups, Disks management and File systems in Linux platform ➢ Experience installing and configuring UNIX server on the Solaris and centos platforms and introducing the server to the network ➢ Experience creating user account in windows, Linux and troubleshoot any connectivity problems. ➢ Creating templates for Linux VM's those are used for deploying for the environments. ➢ Experiencing in system audit report like number of logins, success &amp; failures. ➢ Performed regular installation of patches using YUM, and RPM utilities and remotely copying files using vsftpd, scp, and winscp ➢ Participating in the Configuration &amp; monitoring DHCP server. ➢ Experienced in task like managing user account, disks management and File systems in Linux platform. ➢ Documented internal procedures for company SOP. ➢ Creating and managing virtual memory (Swap spaces). Replacing and or adding new hot swappable devices. ➢ Regular team meetings, shift management, team activities, one-on-one discussions, team concerns. ➢ Install, configure, maintain and administer Linux / UNIX operating systems and components. Diagnosed and resolved problems associated with DNS, DHCP and network connectivity.  Linux System/Database AdministratorLinux System AdministratorSoft Tech Cooperation Inc - Baltimore, MD-March 2012 to August 2014Primary Responsibilities Includes: ➢ Hands-on experience in diagnosing, troubleshooting various networking, hardware &amp; Linux/ UNIX server issues, performing preventive maintenance. ➢ Experience in systems patching Linux OS, kernel tuning and resource management for Oracle databases alongside DBA's in team ➢ Experience in handling activities related to IT infrastructure management and technology resource administration. ➢ Participating in the implementation and Installation of SAMBA server for interface between Linux servers and Windows servers to share files. ➢ Participating in the troubleshooting of day to day Server &amp; User related issues on Linux systems. ➢ Installed RHEL 6 Linux using kickstart. ➢ Created Linux Virtual Machines using VMware templates. ➢ Participating in the implementation and Installation of SAMBA server for interface between Linux servers and Windows servers to share files. ➢ Experience in introducing the server to the network both on Linux and Solaris platform. ➢ Assisted in account administration including user creation, maintenance, password resets and locked accounts. ➢ Provided troubleshooting assistance to new users and their newly installed workstations ➢ Responded to customer service calls and service desk tickets ➢ Documented internal procedures for company SOP. ➢ Participated in team activities as a member of the Linux / UNIX System Administration. ➢ Experience in the creation of the user roles and groups for securing the resources in the Linux Platform. ➢ Attending Conference and daily center call as requires as per project. ➢ Install, configure, maintain and administer Linux / UNIX operating systems and components. Diagnosed and resolved problems associated with DNS, DHCP and network connectivity. ➢ Set up and administer user and groups accounts with restricted permissions ➢ Build and installed multiple Linux machines using the kick start serverEducationBoltos Solutions Institute - Laurel, MDMay 2010 to August 2013Masters of Science in Health System ManagementUniversity Of Baltimore - Baltimore, MDMay 2012Bachelor of Science in Criminal JusticeCoppin State University - Baltimore, MDMay 2009SkillsLINUX (6 years), MAINTENANCE (6 years), NETWORKING (6 years), SOLARIS (6 years), UNIX (6 years), Active Directory, System Administrator, Vmware, System Admin, Linux AdministratorAdditional InformationSkills: ➢ Familiarity with monitoring tools and utilities such as sar, vmstat, iostat, netstat, free, and top. ➢ Knowledge of clustering techniques using Red Hat Cluster suite to ensure high availability especially in Oracle RAC. ➢ Hands-on experience in diagnosing, troubleshooting various networking, hardware &amp; Linux/ UNIX server issues, performing preventive maintenance. ➢ Experience in systems patching Linux OS, kernel tuning and resource management for Oracle databases alongside DBA's in team. ➢ Experience and Skilled in the installation, configuration, monitoring, automating and maintenance of Linux system ➢ Sufficient experience on incident management on diverse applications, platforms and technologies and task oriented in order to fulfilled goals and datelines ➢ I am self starter, self motivated, quick learner, excellent interpersonal communication skills, strong problem solving skills and ability to work in a team or independently. ➢ Installed and configured Logical Volume Manager - LVM  Skills Summary:  ➢ Databases: Oracle 11gR2, 11gR2 RAC, Oracle10g ➢ Tools and Utilities: Export/Import, RMAN, Data Pump, WinScp, ASM, PUTTY,  ➢ Operating Systems: UNIX, LINUX, SOLARIS, Windows ServerEmail Linux System AdministratorDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 19, 2018©2018 Indeed
: Python Developer GILT GROUPE, INC, New York, NY May 2000 to Present  Responsibilities:  • Search engine optimization by replacing existing database with MongoDB (NoSQL Database).  • Documented company Restful API's using Swagger for internal and third part use and also worked on Unit testing and Integration testing.  • Used Git for the version control.  • Created a Git repository and added the project to GitHub.  • Collaborated with internal teams and external teams to solve the issues and giving feedbacks.  • Worked on object-oriented programming (OOP) concepts using Python, Django and Linux.  • Used JIRA for bug tracking and issue tracking.  • Practical experience with working on multiple environments like development, testing, production.  • Documented the problems and progress of project most accurately.  • Created Python and Bash tools to increase efficiency of call center application system and operations; data conversion scripts, REST, JSON, and CRUD scripts for API Integration.  • Created a Python/Django based web application using Python scripting for data processing, MySQL for the database, and HTML/CSS/jQuery and High Charts for data visualization of the served pages.  • Built Python scripts to identify and correct erroneous data in PostgreSQL database using clustering, regression, and statistics  • Used standard Python modules e.g. csv, robot parser, itertools, pickle, jinja2, lxml for development.  • Worked extensively with Bootstrap, JavaScript, and jQuery to optimize the user experience.  • Used Python and Django to interface with the jQuery UI and manage the storage and deletion of content. Developed entire frontend and backend modules using PHP/Python.  • Used Python Library Beautiful Soup for web scrapping to extract data for building graphs.  • Rewrite existing Java modules to deliver certain format of data.  • Handled all the client-side validation using JavaScript.  • Using Subversion version control tool to coordinate team-development.  • Responsible for debugging and troubleshooting of web application.  • Design, develop, test, deploy and maintenance of the website  • Involved in the design, development and testing phases of application using AGILE methodology.  • Developed and designed an API (Restful Web Service).  • Used the Python language to develop web-based data retrieval systems.  • Designed and maintained databases using and developed Python based API (Restful Web Service).  • Designed and developed the user interface of the project with HTML, CSS and JavaScript  • Entire Front end and back end modules of the project are developed using Python with Django Framework.  • Developed web sites using Django, Python, XHTML, CSS, and JavaScript.  • Developed and designed e-mail marketing campaigns using HTML and CSS.  • Involved in analysis, specification, design, and implementation and testing phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and used agile methodology for developing application.  • Interacted with the client end-users during requirements gathering sessions  • Upgraded existing UI with HTML, CSS, jQuery and Bootstrap.  • Working as an application developer experienced with controllers, views and models in Django.  • Implemented Business logic, worked on data exchange, processed XML and HTML using python Worked in Agile development following Scrum process, Sprint and daily stand-up meetings  • Developed Views and Templates with Django view controller and template language to create a user-friendly website interface.  • Worked on frontend and backend modules using Python on Django Web Framework.  • Implemented and enhanced CRUD operations for the applications using the MVT (Model View Template) architecture of Django framework and Python conducting code reviews.  • Implemented user interface guidelines and standards throughout the development and maintenance of the website using the HTML, CSS, JavaScript and jQuery.  • Created APIs, database Model and Views Utilization Python in order to build responsive web page application.  • Wrote Python modules to extract/load asset data from the MySQL source database.  • Used GitHub for Python source code version control, Jenkins for automating the build Docker containers, and deploying in Mesos  • Designed and implemented a dedicated MySQL database server to drive the web apps and report on daily progress.  • Used PyUnit, the Python unit test framework, for all Python applications.  • Worked on Jenkins continuous integration tool for deployment of project.  • Automated the continuous integration and deployments using Jenkins, Docker, Ansible and AWS Cloud Templates.  • Participated in requirement gathering and worked closely with the architect in designing and modeling.  • Developed, tested and debugged software tools for clients and internal customers of the organization.  • Refactored existing batch jobs and migrated existing legacy extracts from Informatica to Python based micro services and deployed in AWS with minimal downtime.  • Coded test programs and evaluated existing engineering processes.  • 2.7 and its familiar framework Django  • Restful web services using Python REST API Framework.  • Developed Application to access JSON and XML from Restful, Webservices from consumer side using JavaScript and Angular.JS  Environment: Python, Django Web Framework, AWS, HTML, CSS, MySQL, JavaScript, jQuery, Sublime Text, Atom, PyCharm, Jira, GIT, pybuilder, unit test, Firebug, Web Services, HTML5/CSS, XML, JSON, Ajax  Skills Django (10 years), HTML (10 years), jQuery. (8 years), MySQL (8 years), Python (8 years)  Additional Information Technical Skills:   Programming Languages Python, C, C++, Java/J2EE, and PL/SQL, Perl, SQL  Markup languages HTML, JSON, XML  Protocols TCP/IP, HTTP/HTTPS, SOAP.  Programming methodologies Waterfall and Agile  Web Server Apache Webserver, IIS, HTTP server, Web Logic, JBoss Defect Tracking JIRA, Bugzilla, and VersionOne  Cloud services AWS, VMware, and Microsoft Azure Scripting JQuery, Java Script, AJAX, Shell scripting.  Operating systems Windows, UNIX, Linux (CentOS and Ubuntu)  Databases Oracle, MySQL, Apache Cassandra, MongoDB  Frameworks Django, Flask, Nodejs, Angular JS  Integration Tools Jenkins, IBM integration and Web BuilderWilling to relocate: Anywhere
Linux EngineerAugust Schell Enterprises-October 2015 to May 2018• Perform system OS installations, upgrades, and troubleshooting (Red Hat Enterprise Linux 5, 6 and 7). • Perform Red Hat CS installations, configurations, and troubleshooting (Red Hat Certificate System 8 and 9). • Performed custom bash script installation for the configuration management of over 50 Linux OS's. • Maintained the engineering team test environment and provided SME support for application testing and installations. • Performed HSM (Hardware Security Module) upgrades and configuration changes. • Installed and maintained the Symantec NetBackup unit used by the DoD PKI Enclave. • Assisted Red Hat Satellite Puppet modules configuration/deployment.Application EngineerSienna Systems Corp-December 2014 to October 2015• Performed system OS installations, upgrades, and troubleshooting (Red Hat Enterprise Linux 4, 5 and 6). • Performed Red Hat CS installations, configurations, and troubleshooting (Red Hat Certificate System 7.1 and 8.x). • Performed OS and application hardening by installing security-related patches. • Created KVM Virtual Machines to develop and test OS CRs and other application CRs.Linux AdministratorGeneral Dynamics AIS-January 2013 to November 2014• Performed system OS installations, upgrades, troubleshoot and maintenance (Red Hat Enterprise Linux 5 and 6). • Installed, managed, and troubleshot RHEL High-Availability servers (RHEL Clustering). • Installed and configure HP Data Protector software and perform system backups using HP Data Protector. • Installed and manage RHEL KVM Virtual Machines.Linux Systems AdministratorTangible Inc-September 2008 to January 2013• Performed system OS installations, upgrades, and troubleshooting (Red Hat Enterprise Linux 4 and 5). • Performed Red Hat CS installations, configurations, and troubleshooting (Red Hat Certificate System 7.1 and 8.x). • Configured and maintained the OCSP applications (RCVS) for the DoD PKI Infrastructure. • Worked with the OCSP vendors (tumbleweed/corestreet) for bug fixes and application upgrades to the products. • Performed OS and application hardening by installing security-related patches. • Installed and configured nCipher Hardware Security Modules (netHSMs and PCI HSMs). • Installed and configured NetBackup server and client software. • Updated system information and addressed findings in VMS to retain complianceQA Test EngineerNextPoint Networks-October 2006 to June 2008• Voice over IP Protocols (SIP, H.323, RTP). • Reviewing (FSD) Functional Specification Document, writing test plans, collecting test data and building IP test bed networks based for VoIP testing. • Developed documentation of validation and regression test plans and procedures. • Performed features, functions, stability, and regression testing of products. • Used network protocol analyzers (Ethereal / Wireshark) for troubleshooting and analysis of networking and VoIP issues.Junior QA Test EngineerAEP Networks-October 2005 to September 2006• Involved in designing the Test Plan and Test Cases and managed them using TestDirector. • Developed Test Scenarios with Test Data to support Test Objectives. • Responsible for comprehensive Functional testing of assigned features of the system. • Responsible for complete System Testing. • Responsibilities included installing and configuring local area networks for QA lab client workstations, servers as well as backend servers in Windows/Linux environment. • Performed testing in Windows/Linux environment.Systems AdministratorThe Korea Times-March 2004 to September 2005• Maintain and oversee Domain user accounts (Windows NT Server based). • Maintain the company's workstations and printers. • Perform preventive maintenance on PCs and related equipment. • Troubleshoot basic terminal and LAN problems. • Assists with general technical training of other company employees.EducationComputer EngineeringCapitol College - Laurel, MDSkillsLINUX (10+ years), RED HAT (9 years), DOD (7 years), PKI (6 years), BASH (Less than 1 year)Additional InformationSUMMARY OF SKILLS Accomplished systems engineering professional specializing in DoD Public Key Infrastructure (PKI) and Red Hat Enterprise Linux Operating Systems.  Operating Systems: RHEL 4, 5, 6 and 7  Applications: Red Hat Certificate System (CS 7, 8 and 9) Red Hat Directory Server (DS 7, 8 and 9)  Scripting Languages: BashEmail Linux EngineerDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 4, 2018©2018 Indeed
Producer, Actress, Executive AssistantUBUNTU & Purple Horse Pictures, LLC - Atlanta, GA-June 2017 to Present• Executive Assistant. • Set up interviews. • Book talent. • Get permits for filming locations. • Actress. • Produce films.Freelance Sports WriterUBUNTU & Purple Horse Pictures, LLC - Indianapolis, IN-June 2017 to Present• Attend training camps and games to gather information on NFL teams. • Wrote articles on Indianapolis Colts. • Covered the 2018 NFL Combine • Interviewed 2018 NFL Draft prospects, and NFL Coaches. • Wrote articles on the NFL Combine.  ProducerUBUNTU & Purple Horse Pictures, LLC - South Bend, IN-June 2017 to September 2017• Produced live morning, evening, night, and weekend News Shows. • Produced on the spot Breaking News. • Met intense deadlines. • Made graphics, and help reporters create stories.Associate ProducerFox News Channel - New York, NY-June 2016 to August 2016Overlooked and contributed to the production process. ● Researched and pitched stories. ● Booked studio guest. ● Wrote weekly recaps for "The Cost of Freedom" website. ● Cut video and sound bites relevant to show topics using easy cut/precut. ● Built graphics using Viz templates. ● Ailes Rising Apprentice scholarship, $10,000.Multimedia SpecialistWAUG-TV - Raleigh, NC-January 2013 to May 2016Sideline reporter, radio host, editor, videographer, producer and director for Saint Augustine's University commercial TV station. ● Sideline reporter for 24 of the athletic events.Multimedia SpecialistCIAA - Charlotte, NC-October 2014 to February 2016Produced championship sporting events. ● Reported 18 Championship events. ● Sports analyst for 8 basketball, cross country, and track and field recaps. ● Moderator for 2 media events. ● Videographer and editor for 18 videos on CIAA-TV.InternWAUG-TV - Indianapolis, IN-June 2015 to August 2015Worked with the Entertainment Properties Department, and came up with new content and multimedia ideas. ● Interviewed 80 youth, and professional athletes. ● Produced, recorded, and edited 31 videos, in less than 3 months.EducationBachelor of Liberal Arts and Education in Liberal Arts and EducationSaint Augustine's University - Raleigh, NCMasters in JournalismBall State University - Muncie, INSkillsCREATIVE WRITING (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT OFFICE (Less than 1 year), MS OFFICE (Less than 1 year)Additional InformationSkills Microsoft office, Final cut pro, AVID, iNEWS 3.5, Ardome, Adobe, communication, videographer, editing, creative writing, directing, producing, Panasonic camera, p2 cards/deck, and acting.Email Producer, Actress, Executive AssistantDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 9, 2018©2018 Indeed
Software DeveloperiThreat Cyber Group, Inc - Princeton, NJ-August 2016 to June 2018Developed using Golang and MySQL DBMS backend Created and updated a program for ICANN that produced daily abuse reports for each TLD and Registrar Created a program that provided abuse reports of ASNs for customers of cybertoolbelt.com Created a program to detect abnormalities in whois records to aid in detecting malicious activity Created programs that added domain data from abusive domain feeds to the company's backendGraduate Teaching AssistantUniversity of Scranton-August 2014 to May 2016Taught Computer Literacy labs Tutored students in Computer Science coursesEducationM.S. in Software EngineeringUniversity of Scranton - Scranton, PAAugust 2014 to May 2016B.S. in Computer ScienceUniversity of Scranton - Scranton, PAAugust 2010 to May 2014SkillsJava (4 years), C++ (2 years), Golang (2 years), C (2 years), SQL (6 years)Email Software DeveloperDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 4, 2018©2018 Indeed
Linux AdministratorMetro de Maracaibo-September 2013 to March 2015Server Administrator maintain the computer networking system in an office environment by tracking server activity, performing upgrades of software, maintaining computer hardware, addressing questions about technical problems, and improving efficiency by evaluating system Duties: network functions. Most work is completed during regular business hours. Occasionally, with new system upgrades or server fixes, work must be completed during odd hours of the night or on weekends. This is when traffic to a Website or office activity will be at its lowest and thus have less of an impact on business. PROFESSIONAL SKILLS  Dedication Ethics Honesty Integrity Maturity Patience Presentation Reliability  PERSONAL SKILLS Adaptability Common sense Cooperation Curiosity Friendship Initiative Integrity Organization Patience Perseverance Problem solving Responsibility Sense of humor Stress management  COMPUTER KNOWLEDGE • Manage, support and build heterogeneous systems such as Unix/Linux/Windows supporting mission critical applications and databases such as; Oracle, SQL, MySQL, PostgreSQL etc • OS (Unix/Linux/Windows) • Virtualization VMware/Xen • Windows Clustering • Storage Área Networks (SAN) using NetApp and EMC ( FC, iSCSI, NAS, NFS, CIFS) • Cisco UCS and Sun Sparc Servers • General expertise with enterprise systems management/monitoring • General expertise in Active Directory enterprise environments and networking components (routing, firewalls, load balancers) • General expertise in LDAP. • Support various business applications including commercially off-the-shelf and in-house developed. • Installs, configures, and maintains Linux (Red Hat/Suse/Debian/CentOS) operating systems. • Performs (Red Hat/Suse/Debian/CentOS) system updates, upgrades, patching, and maintenance tasks. • Assist with the creation and maintenance of the Linux infrastructure. • Analyzes and resolves problems associated with servers, hardware, applications, and software. • Adheres to Chance/Configuration Management procedures and policies. • Monitors systems performance and ensures compliance with security standards. • Manage security, including basic firewall and SELinux configuration. • Manage users and groups, including use of a centralized directory for authentication. • Experience with RHEL 6.2 or later, performance monitoring and tuning tools, instal lation options, problem determination and recovery, and security. • Performs other duties as assigned.Linux AdministratorMaracaibo Mayor's Office-November 2001 to September 2013Company Government description: A server administrator or systems administrator of Maracaibo Mayor's Office works with computer networks and ensures that they run Duties: efficiently by maintaining software updates, designing and implementing new system structures, monitoring server activity, and auditing server security.EducationMaster in MaracaiboDr. Rafael Belloso Chacìn University2006 to 2008Computer TechTechnology Institute Unir1998 to 2000SkillsSystem Administrator, System Admin, Vmware, Active Directory, LinuxEmail Linux AdministratorDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 20, 2018©2018 Indeed
Lead Linux Blockchain Network Development EngineerUnnamed-2017 to 2018Current) Administration of Ubuntu SSH Server Upload/Download backend of cryptocurrency for testing and validation of transaction using ERC20 tokens Use of iOS and Android programs for cryptocurrency application frontend testing Control of Linux Usergroups Troubleshooting and Maintenance of Ubuntu Machines Troubleshooting and Maintenance of cross-platform SSH tools Bash Scripting Network TroubleshootingInternMGFD Law Firm - Clearwater, FL-2016 to 2018Current) Bulk digitizing of paper documents Use of Microsoft Access database Manipulating documents in Adobe Acrobat E-filed confidential legal documents with Florida court database Pulled legal information from Florida court databaseGenetics Department ContractorSSC Soft Computer - Largo, FL-June 2015 to August 2015Tested genetics laboratory information management software on client end Handled related documentsEducationComputer Information TechnologySt. Petersburg College - Clearwater, FL2017 to 2018SkillsIOS (1 year), LINUX (1 year), MICROSOFT OFFICE (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT OFFICE 2010 (Less than 1 year), MS OFFICE (Less than 1 year)Additional InformationSkills Microsoft Office 2010 Specialist Certified Very familiar with Linux, Windows, and iOS Devices 5 Years Ubuntu Desktop Experience 6 Months Linux Usergroup management experience Lifelong Windows Desktop Environment Experience 6 Months Ubuntu SSH Admin Experience 2 Years bash shell experience Touch Typing skills Written tutorials on introductory SSH and bash shellEmail Lead Linux Blockchain Network Development EngineerDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 2, 2018©2018 Indeed
Software EngineerUber - Seattle, WA-February 2018 to PresentAs a member of the Build Platform, I work on Uber's core infrastructure ✦ PoetSee a 3-D poetry game built in Unity and Developer experience. Major contributions include: and C#; allows gameplay exclusively ✦ Feature work and maintenance in Golang tools used company-wide through eye movement by extending the by engineers Tobii Eyetracking SDK functionality ✦ Designing and implementing a visualization feature for Dep, a Golang dependency management system, by working deeply with ✦ NorthWesty, a full-stack eCommerce Dep's Constraint-Based Solving algorithm application, designed and developed ✦ On-boarding teams to Dep in preparation for open Beta testing with Ruby on Rails, PostgreSQL, HTML, ✦ Collaborating with teammates in daily stand ups, bi-weekly sprint and CSS and built by a team of 4 using planning, and regular code reviews agile methodology ✦ Contributing to weekly and bi-weekly discussions in the LadyEng, UberPride, and Women of Uber employee resource groupsEducationCertification in Lead Mathematics TeacherSt. Bernard Parish School Board - Chalmette, LAJune 2014 to July 2016B.A. in Magna Cum Laude, and Financial MathCarleton College - Northfield, MN2010 to 2014SkillsC# (Less than 1 year), Ruby (1 year), Git (1 year), Javascript (1 year), Go (Less than 1 year), Ruby on Rails (Less than 1 year), Agile (1 year)Linkshttps://www.linkedin.com/in/canaan-a-west-98a3855a/Email Software EngineerDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: May 29, 2018©2018 Indeed
FreelancePhiladelphia, PA-December 2016 to PresentUS PHP Developer  Integrated several different API's (VIN Data Provider, Weather provider) to client's projects Independently contracted to develop various web based projects in the LAMP. PHP 7 OOP principals are applied to all code designed. Refactoring legacy code. Environment: PHP7, Yii2, Slim Framework, MySQL, Golang, GitPHP Software Engineer / Team Lead / Scrum MasterNowMedia Technologies - Tashkent, UZ-June 2015 to November 2016Lead small team of developers that designed, developed, and supported audio streaming application Lamuz (https://lamuz.uz/). This application allows users to search for a specific song, created playlist, pay for the services. It also has the following functionalities • Recommendation for users based on their search patterns • Billing • Push notifications, developed using APNs and Google Cloud Messages • Statistical data processing • REST API (backend) • Encrypting users and media information using SHA and AES encryption algorithms Personal responsibilities included, but not limited to • Design and development of the application's database • Application tuning using XHProof • Creating unit and user acceptance testing using PHPUnit and Codeception • Developing web service that allows communication between client and server  Technologies used in this process where PHP7 (Yii2 Framework), Postgres, MongoDB (NoSQL), Memcached, Beanstalkd (Message Queue)PHP Software Engineer / Team LeadTor.AZ - Baku, AZ-July 2013 to May 2015Project #1 Val.FM Lead small team of developers that designed, developed, and supported online music service application. This application allowed users to search for specific music titles, listen to music tracks, create playlists, and add songs to it. Project used Cloud as storage for customers' media files Personal responsibilities included but not limited to • Design the architecture of application and DB structure. • Profiling using XHProof and testing of code using PHPUnit. • Monitoring of bugs and fix them • Create variety daily reports • Create tasks for team and monitor the progress of project. Code quality review.  Technologies used for this project are PHP5 (Yii Framework), MySQL, Memcached (NoSQL), Sphinx (search server), Gearman (Messages queue)  Project #2 Report.Az www.report.az news publishing website for an official news agency. This website was developed for a news agency were. • Journalists self-published news using admin panel, where ◦ News can consist of formatted text, images and video ◦ Every news has translated version • Project has ◦ Algorithm that determines most popular daily and weekly news ◦ Integration with currency converter and weather APIs ◦ Mobile version ◦ Search functionality ◦ Users authentication via social networks ◦ Users' roles separation such as User, Moderator, Administrator, Journalist etc.  Personal responsibilities included, but not limited to • Design architecture of application and DB structure • Monitoring reported bugs and fixing them • Create variety of ad-hoc reports • Profiling and improve code base • Create tasks for team and monitor progress of the project • Check code quality from other developers • Design and implementation of user stories into the project  Technologies used for this project are PHP5 (Yii framework), MySQL, Memcached (NoSQL), Sphinx search server.PHP DeveloperMoblama - Baku, AZ-January 2011 to June 2013Part of the team that designed, developed, and supported Moblama, a high traffic mobile advertisement system. This system allowed customers • Create advertisement companies • Manage existing ads • Review statistical data • Manage billing This system also allowed Moblana management to • Review customer's statistical and billing data • Generate ad-hoc reports • Maintain existing customer's records  Personal responsibilities included, but not limited to • Design architecture of the application and DB structure • Monitoring reported bugs and fixing them • Creating number of ad-hoc reports • Profiling and improving code base • Writing unit tests  Technologies used for this project are PHP5 (Zend Framework 1), MySQL, Memcached (NoSQL), MongoDBPHP DeveloperDealerFire - Tashkent, UZ-January 2010 to September 2010DealerFire is a custom automotive web design and internet marketing firm that developed number of web sites and applications for local and international dealerships. As part of the design and development team personally responsibilities were • Writing custom modules and components • Monitoring reported bugs and fixing them • Daily support of company's customers. Technologies used for this project are PHP (Zend Framework 1), MySQL, MemcachedEducationBS in History in HistorySamarkand State University2005 to 2009Additional InformationOther Skills  Fluent in Russian LanguageEmail FreelanceDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: July 31, 2017©2018 Indeed
LINUX ADMINISTRATORW.R GRACE-August 2015 to Present• Performed disk and remote backups for data recovery in case of data loss. • Wrote, modified and managed automation scripts for operational tasks using bash. • Performed infrastructure hardening and security administration and installation on multiple systems. • Documented resolutions, workarounds and frequently asked questions for problems and services requests. • Performed server installation using Kickstart physical servers. • Provided support for Apache web server and Tomcat Application server. • Installed and provisioned LAMP stack in accordance with operational requirements. • Performed needs assessments and patch management for Linux Enterprise systems. • Analyzed system logs and proactively identified potential issues with computer systems. • Monitored system operation efficiencies and services such as HTTP, FTP, MySQL etc. with Nagios. • Setup threshold alerts for potential problems and contact definitions with Nagios to receive notifications by email whenever a service or host has any issue. • Provided technical support and solutions to problems raised by customers via ticketing system. • Created and managed storage using Standard Partition, RAID and LVM on Red Hat Systems.EducationB.S in BIOTECHNOLOGYKEAN UNIVERSITYSkillsLINUX (2 years), MYSQL (2 years), NAGIOS (2 years), RED HAT (2 years), SOLUTIONS (2 years)Additional InformationSKILLS • LINUX • MYSQL  • NAGIOS • RED HAT SOLUTIONSEmail LINUX ADMINISTRATORDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 7, 2018©2018 Indeed
Rust proofingKolar Chevrolet Buick GMC Cadillac - Duluth, MN-April 2018 to PresentI prep cars for rust protection spraying the frams and putting them on the lifts. After prep i then spray the undercarriage of the vehicle.LaborerDuluth Brass - Duluth, MNGeneral Laborer witch involved pouring brass molds, shaking the parts out of the molds after they cooled, Cutting and Grinding the brass parts out for the CNC shop. I also operated the forklift and the bobcat.LaborerNorm's MechanicalI made and assembled painting booths, primer booths, mixing booths for cirrus design, loaded and unloaded trucks, I operated forklift, sizer lift,Line worker/managementCartridge WorldI was responsible for payroll, setting work schedules for employees, and customer service this included, taking customer orders and making customer delivers. I to was responsible for keeping track of all work supplies, store inventory, and ordering supplies as needed. I also handled all cash, checks, credit card purchases.Cashier/Dairy stockerSuper One FoodsI was responsible for handling cash, check, credit card purchases, I to was responsible for stocking the dairy and frozen food, rotating inventory, I also unloading the delivery truckLoader/UnloaderViking Coca-Cola Bottling Co. - Saint Cloud, MNI was a loader 2nd shift driving forklifts and electronic pallet jacks preparing the loads for the shipments. I loved my job very physically demanding.EducationHigh School Diploma in GeneralProctor High School2006SkillsForklift, General LaborerAdditional InformationI am currently relocating down to the twin cities with my wife. So i am looking in to job opportunities  Thank youEmail Rust proofingDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 14, 2018©2018 Indeed
Cyber Defense Lab AssistantTexas A&M University Corpus Christi - Corpus Christi, TX-May 2017 to PresentMake sure workstations are up to date. Add new users to Active Directory. Lab maintenance and update Ubuntu serversIT Help DeskAnswer incoming calls regarding technical help about Vizio Products.EducationBachelor's in Cyber DefenseTexas A & M University-Corpus Christi - Corpus Christi, TXAugust 2016 to May 2021Associates Degree in Computer Networking TechnologyLaredo Community College - Laredo, TXAugust 2013 to May 2016SkillsHelp Desk, Tech Support, Desktop Support, Active Directory, Service Desk, Python (1 year), C++ (2 years), Ruby (1 year), Active Directory (1 year)Email Cyber Defense Lab AssistantDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 7, 2018©2018 Indeed
Linux AdministratorDataNix Technology - Columbia, MD-January 2017 to PresentResponsibilities: • Analyze, log, and track complex software and hardware matters of significance pertaining to networking connectivity issues, printer, server, and application to meet business needs. • Installation of hardware, software and upgrading to ensure work is performed as per the company policy on various hardware platforms. • Recommend resolutions to complex matters and coordinate the implementation of the approved course of action. • Installations, Configurations, Monitoring, Maintenance, Security using HIPS/HIDS, and troubleshooting of applications on Linux environment. • Responsible for maintaining user accounts and basic service access permissions on infrastructure servers. • Building of Virtual Machine (VM's). • Responsible for monitoring and management of V-Center / VMware environment of virtual servers. • Implementation and management of LAMP architecture • Administer NFS and other applications on Linux environment. • RPM and YUM package installations, patch and other server management • Troubleshooting software and network problems. • Responsible for supervision of backup and disaster recovery operations. • Keeping track of maintenance of the servers in hardware &amp; software. • Building servers with jumpstart / kickstart, CD on timely basis, along with corporate wide requirements. • Trained inexperienced users to use computers, copiers, phones and business applications. • Created and deleted user accounts enforce security and compliance rules to regarding passwords and access to computer systems. • Establish new user accounts for company employees, adhering to company's export compliance process. • Creating and managing end user and e-mail accounts. • Responsible for support of a large number of desktops, laptops, printers, and peripherals, along with a wide variety of software including word-processing, spreadsheet, database, emulation, and e-mail packages. • Reduce stress levels of end users by adopting a cooperative attitude and positive approach to every task and assignment. • Assists end users with software and hardware questions; investigates &amp; resolves network issues including printing, installation, electronic mail, and general system problems. • Maintain excellent client relations and service based on outstanding communication, technical efficiency and problem-solving skills. • Provide network support, software development and related services in a Helpdesk setting. • Answer helpdesk phone, document and assign issue to appropriate IT group. • Diagnose and resolve hardware/software problems in win XP and win 2000 professional. • Maintain clear documentation on all system configurations and changes such as memory upgrade, hard drive format, and new pc system setup.Linux AdministratorSt Agnes Hospital - Baltimore, MD-November 2015 to December 2016• Experience administering, installing, configuring and maintaining Linux. • Experience installing, upgrading and configuring RedHat Linux 6/7 using Kickstart Servers and Interactive Installation. • Responsible for creating and managing user accounts, security, rights, disk space and process monitoring in CentOS and Redhat Linux. • Configures DNS, NFS, FTP, remote access, and security management. • Creates Linux Virtual Machines using VMware Virtual Center. • Installs, upgrades and manages packages via RPM and YUM package management • Installs Firmware Upgrades, kernel patches, systems configuration, performance tuning on Unix/Linux systems. • Installed, configured and maintained multiple Red Hat Satellite Servers, and custom repositories. • Installed and maintained Jenkins for Continuous Delivery as well as automate Ansible Playbook runs against production infrastructure. • Deployed Puppet for automated management of machine configurations. • Installed Spacewalk repository to sync external repos and add custom. • Installs, configures and supports Apache on Linux production servers. • Manages Patches configuration, version control, service pack and reviews connectivity issues regarding security problem. • Implemented Bash, Perl, Python scripting to automate day to day tasks. • Manages systems routine backup, scheduling jobs and enabling cron jobs. • Works with Database administrators to tune kernel for Oracle installations.Linux AdministratorChaveran Inc - Bowie, MD-September 2014 to October 2015• Proactively monitor production database tablespaces, instance, alert logs etc by utilizing CRON job and Linux bash script • Performed backup and restore functions for Oracle 11g and 12c databases using RMAN and Data Pump as needed • Responsible for documenting accurate and detail documentation on all database issues and procedures • Responsible for applying quarterly CPUs/PSUs utilizing Opatch • Periodically monitor backups for corruption • In depth understanding of tablespaces • Configured, troubleshot, and maintained Windows 2003 and 2008 Servers • Experience in creating, cloning and deleting virtual machines in VMware • Extend and reduce disk space using logical volume manager • Installed upgraded packages patches on Redhat 6 and 7 servers using Yum and Rpm • Opened and closed udp/tcp ports on server using iptablesLinux AdministratorBeavers Incorporated - Rockville, MD-June 2013 to August 2014• Installed RedHat Linux using kickstart. • Created, cloned Linux Virtual Machines, templates using VMware Virtual Client 3.5 and migrating servers between ESX hosts. • Managed systems routine backup, scheduling jobs, enabling cron jobs, enabling system logging and network logging of servers for maintenance. • Performed RPM and YUM package installations, patch and another server management. • Installed and configured Logical Volume Manager - LVM and RAID. • Provided 24/7 technical support to Production and development environments. • Administrated DHCP, DNS, and NFS services in Linux. • Created and maintained user's accounts, profiles, security, rights disk space and process monitoring. • Configuration management using Puppet, Ansible, and Chef • Provided technical support by troubleshooting Day-to-Day issues with various Servers on different platforms.Help DeskMercyhurst University - Erie, PA-April 2011 to May 2013• Managed call center activities to meet service level agreements. • Performed PC support and maintenance for over 200 people. • Installed and upgraded video cards, modems, hard drives, IDE controllers, SCSI drives, power supplier and memory components. • Performed system configuration and troubleshooting. • Created and managed user accounts and security.EducationAS in Computer Systems SupportMercyhurst UniversitySkillsNFS (3 years), VMWARE (5 years), ORACLE (2 years), DNS (2 years), PUPPET (2 years)Additional InformationTECHNICAL SKILLS Operating Systems CentOS 6/7, RHEL 6/7 Software MS-OFFICE/MS-PROJECT, Tomcat, Apache, Oracle, Bash, IPTables, wget, VMWare vSphere Client, VirtualBox, Spacewalk, satellite server, LDAP  Network Protocols DNS, SSH, NFS, FTP, nslookup, TCP/IP, netstat, DHCP DevOps Ansible, Puppet, Chef, Git, Github, Jenkins, DockerEmail Linux AdministratorDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 20, 2018©2018 Indeed
Software Architect, Software DeveloperApple - Cupertino, CA-May 2017 to PresentData Center Automation Solutions Architect and Developer • Data-center automation solutions design and development.  • Enterprise systems integration using custom and commercial technologies. • Business Analysis involving coordinated Roles, Workflow, and Automation. • Technology Focus and Areas of Interest/Learning:  - Analytics (SQL, SSRS, Tableau, Excel)  - Machine Learning and Accelerator Computing (CUDA, OpenCL, TensorFlow, VPU, FPGA, HPC)  - Micro-Services, DevOps, and Application Modernization (Kubernetes, GoLang, React, MySQL, NoSQL, ASP.Net Core, Azure, AWS, GCP, OpenStack)Project Architect, Lead DeveloperVMware - Seattle, WA-September 2013 to May 2017Global Data Center Infrastructure Management (DCIM) Project Technical Lead • Design, development, and operations lead for a customized global Data-Center Infrastructure Management (DCIM) enterprise application suite. The project entails centralized management of 20+ data-center locations supporting 200+ IT Operations staff-members and hundreds of tenant users.  • Responsible for executive consultation, staff communications, and end-user technical enablement. Technical team lead of 4+ individual contributors. • Responsible for enabling Engineering Ops and IT Ops transitions from traditional IT to managed services. Direct support of business initiatives including Hardware as a Service and internal Cloud Services (IaaS).  • Originator of logical and functional use-case specifications for feature fulfillment of Asset Management, Power Management, Cable Management, Change Management, Capacity Management, and Analytics functional areas. • Specification of end-to-end Onboarding Plans for site-level solution adoption.  • Software development supporting operational workflow automation and analytics. Custom application and reports development supporting various user-roles including Reservations Manager, Tenant Manager, Power Manager, and Operations Manager. • Custom ETL solutions development supporting integration with legacy logistics and business management systems. • Integration with diverse Power Management infrastructure for monitoring, reporting, and forecasting. • Vendor technical and business relationship management. Project scoping, proposal, and statement of work negotiations. • Technology focus: • Custom and integrated solution development using Windows, ESXi, VCenter, VCloud Director, Visual Studio, C#, JavaScript, TSQL, ASP.NET Core, SOAP/REST, MySQL, SQL Server, SQL Reporting Services, Excel, SharePoint, device management protocols, NLyte, and Tableau.Sr. Technical Program Manager, Developer Advocate, Solutions ArchitectMicrosoft - Redmond, WA-June 1999 to September 2013Technical PM, Solutions Architect, Developer Advocate, Technology Adoption Engagement Lead  • Assist top global customers (Enterprise, OEM, ISV) with design and development of Microsoft Azure, Windows Server, and Microsoft technology adoption solution scenarios. • Technical relationship leader in collaboration with business development and executive sponsors.  • Manage collaborative technology adoption and proof-of-concept projects. • Create “how-to” type technical guidance for developer and information technology audiences. • Industry conference speaker and trainer. • Technical writing samples: • http://blogs.msdn.com/philpenn • http://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/healthvault/2013/03/29/healthvault-at-convergence/ • Representative Projects: • Guest instructor at the University of Illinois Parallel Computing Research Center “Summer School” for two consecutive years. • Design and development of a healthcare informatics solution integrating Dynamics CRM, Windows Azure, and Microsoft HealthVault. • Technical consultant in collaboration with the Gate’s Foundation Global Good program for disease eradication. Developed prototype Software as a Service (SAAS) solutions for hosting disease transmission modeling software using Windows Azure and Microsoft HPC Server. • Developed prototype solutions in collaboration with a number of Microsoft Technical Computing customers. Solution domains included Insurer Risk Modeling, Financial Data Analysis, Oil &amp; Gas Exploration, and National Labs Scientific Computing.  • Technology focus: • Dynamics CRM + HealthVault + Azure integrated solution for healthcare informatics and chronic condition patient population management (Azure, ASP.NET, SOA, REST, SQL, CRM). • Windows Azure solution design, development, configuration, and deployment (IaaS, PaaS, SaaS). • High Performance Computing (HPC) solution domain experience. • Enterprise and Cloud solution design and development using Windows Server roles and Visual Studio technologies. • Distributed and Parallel Computing familiarity (HPC, OpenMP, MPI, Linq-2-HPC, C++ AMP, .NET Task Parallel Libraries, CUDA, SOA, Azure) • Proficient C++ and C# developer with a wide range of experience across situations, projects, platforms, technologies, and tools. Comfortable with end-to-end solution design, implementation, and deployment. Able to assume a number of software team roles (design, develop, test, manage, evangelize, support). I am very familiar with customer technology adoption and enablement having worked closely with many executives, development managers, and development teams.Sr. Software EngineerMotorola - Fort Worth, TX-June 1994 to June 1999Software Engineer, Advanced Messaging Division • Assembly, C, C++ • Embedded RTOS, UNIX, HP Apollo DSEE, SunOS, Solaris, and Windows application development • SEI CMM Level 3 Software Engineering Institute Rating • Significant projects include: • Lead Developer on the design and implementation of a user-interface sub-system for a paging system network controller. The network controller receives paging data from a custom telecom switch, formats the data for over-the-air transmission, and manages radio frequency simulcast transmission over a wide-area network. The system was deployed into the largest paging network in the world in Tokyo, Japan. • Lead Developer on the design and development of a 2-way paging device configuration and tuning application. The application interfaces with both paging devices as well as GPIB-based radio frequency instruments. The application is multi-functional and includes the capability to both manually and automatically tune and configure 2-way paging devices of numerous models. The application was marketed commercially to global paging network providers.Software EngineerTelos Corporation - Fort Sill, OK-June 1992 to June 1994Software Engineer, US Army “FireFinder” Projectile Tracking Radar Systems • Assembly, C, C++  • Embedded RTOS, DEC UNIX, and Windows application development • SEI CMM Level 3 Software Engineering Institute Rating • Significant projects include: • Designed and implemented a Naval Tactical Data Systems (NTDS) interface protocol for remote-control of the radar system.  • Designed and developed of an interactive 2D graphical prototype radar system operator’s consolePersonnel Records SpecialistU.S. Navy - O'Brien, TX-June 1981 to March 1987Personnel Records Management • Xerox 860 Information Processing System expertise.EducationBS in Computer ScienceOklahoma State University-Main Campus - Stillwater, OKAugust 1988 to May 1992SkillsC++ (10+ years), C (10+ years), C# (10+ years), HPC (6 years), Data Center Infrastructure Management (DCIM) (5 years), ASP.NET Core (2 years), REST (6 years), Soap (8 years), Sharepoint (5 years), Javascript (5 years), SQL (8 years), Microsoft Azure (3 years), Windows Server (10+ years), CUDA (2 years), OpenMP (2 years), OpenCL (Less than 1 year), Distributed Computing (10+ years), SQL Server (8 years), SQL Reporting Services (5 years), PowerBI (Less than 1 year), Tableau (Less than 1 year), Windows System Administration (10+ years), Systems Integration (10+ years), SSIS (5 years), Python (Less than 1 year), Powershell (4 years), BASH (10+ years), Linux (5 years), Unix Administration (5 years), Git (1 year), Clearcase (5 years), Technical Writing (10+ years), Technical Support (10+ years), Technical Marketing (4 years), Business Development (10+ years), Software Development (10+ years), Solution Selling (3 years), .NET (10+ years), Video Editing (5 years), Video Production (3 years), Training & Development (8 years), Training Delivery (8 years), Training (8 years), Program Management (10+ years), Programming (10+ years)Linkshttp://PhilPennington.comhttp://blogs.msdn.com/philpennhttp://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/healthvault/2013/03/29/healthvault-at-convergence/https://channel9.msdn.com/Niners/philpennMilitary ServiceService Country: United StatesBranch: NavyRank: E5June 1981 to March 1987USS O'Brien (DD-975)Commendations:Humanitarian Service Medal, Good Conduct Medal, Navy Achievement MedalCertifications/LicensesCISSPSeptember 2002 to PresentMicrosoft Certified Applications Developer (MCAD)September 2002 to PresentAdditional InformationThank you for considering my candidacy.  I enjoy collaborating with people and building creative solutions.  I possess a broad range of skills and interests that would fit well with this role, including:  • Technology Adoption Orchestration : More than 25 years of varied hardware and software technology design and development experience with platform technology companies including Motorola, Microsoft, VMware, and Apple. At Microsoft, I served as a Developer and Solutions Architect within literally dozens of technology adoption engagements and in collaboration with partner OEMs, ISVs, and Enterprise customers.  • Project Planning : At VMware, I led a global-scoped project implementing a customized Data Center Infrastructure Management (DCIM) solution and enabling new business initiatives supporting organizational maturation from traditional IT to managed services.  • People + Process + Technology : Significant experience planning, organizing, developing, and delivering projects within diverse cross-team collaboration scenarios requiring new role definition, new workflow specification, and introducing new automation.  • Stakeholder Communications : An ability to collaborate directly with executive sponsors, business development managers, and technical leads in complex multi-party engagements and creating business initiatives, technology roadmaps, on-boarding plans, along with business and technical training.  • Creative Omnivore : Creative abilities beyond software development including technical writing, technical training, and RFP/SOW creation.  Sincerely, PhilEmail Software Architect, Software DeveloperDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 12, 2018©2018 Indeed
Independent Site Reliability EngineerWodarek Productions LLC - Grand Rapids, MI-April 2015 to PresentWork with remote clients to ensure scalability and reliability for production systems using ELK and Prometheus monitoring, on top of Kubernetes and multiple thin and thick caching layers ● Develop new features for clients based on need, predominantly using Golang, Python with Django, MySQL, Sendgrid emailer, Google Cloud Storage, and Nginx load-balancing ● Share gained knowledge with local conferences and technical groups to enrich the overall communityLive Sound Technician and Audio Recording EditorCalvin College Office of Conferences and Campus Events-2010 to PresentSelf-Manage on a regular basis ● Support technical needs of the client and eventSoftware DeveloperLean Logistics - Holland, MI-March 2015 to August 2016Develop features and bug fixes for production JBOSS web services, working in the Java/Struts/Oracle SQL/jQuery javascript frameworks ● Evangelize and build out service-based architecturesInternal Technology ResidentGoogle-August 2014 to March 2015Develop network automation tools to automate self-recovery from non-fatal failure using Python, Google App Engine, javascript, and Bash ● Gain knowledge in working with systems at global scale through Kubernetes and Bazel ● Supply a single point of contact via the Techstop to support the technology needs of Google employees, who use everything from macOS X and Windows to various distributions of LinuxComputer Science GraderCalvin College Office of Conferences and Campus Events - Grand Rapids, MI-January 2013 to 2014Research StudentCalvin College Office of Conferences and Campus Events - Grand Rapids, MI-2013 to 2014Projects Pagosaurus (in early development) - On-call paging schedule management and forwarding SaaS ● Ruby-based REST server with Google Cloud SQL and Redis backing Scheduler (In pilot deployment) - Senior honors project to develop a web-based app to assist departments on Calvin's campus to schedule classes and automate conflict detection and resolution ● Built a REST Server with Java using the Spring Framework and JDBC ● Designed and Implemented a SQL schema and database in a MySQL environment ● Use agile-based methodologies to ensure frequent stakeholder engagement and rapid use case satisfaction ● Implement automated deployments via Jenkins CI BookUnite - Final group project to build a student to student book sales package ● Lead Android Developer ● Built a multi-view app that queried against a custom API built by our team ● Consulted with the web-frontend developers to assist in their developmentInternal Technology InternGoogle-June 2013 to August 2013Develop web-based internal network automation tools using Python, Google App Engine, javascript, and Bash ● Support the technology needs of various software development teams ● Worked with the other IT Interns to develop the role of the new IT internship program and put together a repository for knowledge to be passed down from group to groupEducationBachelor of Science in Computer ScienceCalvin College - Grand Rapids, MIMay 2014SkillsPYTHON (4 years), JAVA (2 years), JAVASCRIPT (2 years), DEPLOYMENT (1 year), Ruby (1 year)Linkshttp://github.com/ThomasWoAdditional InformationTechnical Skills Software Development ● Java - 4 years ● Python - 2 years ● Ruby - 2 years ● JavaScript - 2 years ● Golang - 1 year Linux Administration and System Reliability ● Lead a full infrastructure conversion from a single-server monolith system design to distributed microservices on Kubernetes ● Multiple major server and system migrations and numerous low-impact recoveries from system failures ● Ensure system performance and conformance through the deployment of monitoring systemsEmail Independent Site Reliability EngineerDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: May 29, 2018©2018 Indeed
FREELANCE PROJECTSTRACKTALK.NET-January 2015 to PresentOVERVIEW TECHNOLOGIES o Data-intensive web app for athletic performances Ubuntu 15.04, NGINX, DigitalOcean o Provided leaderboards for 120 WIAA leagues Golang 1.5, Python 2.7, Ruby on Rails 4.2.6, PHP 5.5Founder/DeveloperTRACKTALK.NET-June 2010 to PresentOVERVIEW TECHNOLOGIES o Online forum with 38,800+ registered members Ubuntu 14.04, NGINX, Digital Ocean, Docker o $100k+ lifetime advertising revenues Ruby on Rails 4.2.6, Postgres 9.4 o Responsible for day-to-day site operations Redis 3.04, Sidekiq, Unicorn o Frequent evaluations of user logs and experience Ember 2.1, Handlebars, jQuery, Modernizer o BDD Testing, DOM inspection and bug tracking Zoho Mail, Mandrill, MailChimp Git, SSO, Various APIAngularJS-January 2009 to May 2015Bootstrap 3, Javascript o Design and implemented weekly e-mail campaigns Braintree Payment Systems, Github, API, MariaDB PT Timing - January 2009 - May 2015 OVERVIEW TECHNOLOGIESAngularJS-January 2012 to June 20144/5, Passenger o Live SMS race splits for Nike Regional events Python 2.7, Ruby on Rails 4, PHP 5 o Scoreboard dataflows for WIAA &amp; NCAA events MySQL 4/5, Postgres 8/9 o Critiqued meet registration processes jQuery, JavaScript, HostGator, SVN WIAC Sports - January 2012 - June 2014 OVERVIEW TECHNOLOGIES o Data tracking for DIII athletes in UW-System CentOS 6, Python 2.7, MySQL 5.5, jQuery 1.10, JavaScriptFull Stack Developer/Systems AdministratorTRACKTALK.NET-July 2013 to March 2014OVERVIEW TECHNOLOGIES o Enterprise hardware, software and e-commerce IBM Power 720, MS Exchange, TimeClock Plus o Python scripting to automate system exchanges MS Toolbox, SQL Server 2008, Windows PowerShell o Advanced querying and business reporting Symantec Endpoint, Norton AntiVirus, Malaware Bytes o Mailbox spam filtering and virus removals AS/400, DB2, EBCIDC 037, RPG III, Bluemix, Websphere o Installed and managed employee time clock system Python 2.7, Django 1.6, REST, Javascript o Non-tech user troubleshooting and documentation Red Hat 4, CentOS, MySQL 5, PHP 4/5, Magento (Spree)Debian, CentOS-June 2008 to July 2012OVERVIEW TECHNOLOGIES o Comprehensive athletic data websites Debian, CentOS 5, Apache, PHP 4/5, MySQL 4/5, jQuery 1.2+ o Totality of information for 400+ WIAA schools Siteground, Yahoo Webhosting, Wordpress APIEducationUNIVERSITY OF WISCONSIN - Madison, WIAdditional InformationTECHNICAL EXPERTISE  SYSTEM Ubuntu, CentOS, RedHat, Fedora, Windows 8.1, AndroidOS PROGRAMMING Python, Ruby, Go (golang), Java, C/C++, C#, PHP, JavaScript, Bash, Shell, SQL MARKUP HTML 5, CSS 3, SaSS, LESS, XML, JSON, Open Graph DATABASE MariaDB / MySQL, Postgres, DB2, MSSQL, MongoDB, sqlite FRAMEWORK EmberJS, AngularJS, ReactJS, Backbone, jQuery, Dojo, Rails, Sinatra, Django, Flask, MVC4, Bootstrap 2+3, Ionic CONCEPTS Development Life Cycles, Agile, SCRUM, TDD, BDD, UML, Use Cases, UX, wireframes, PCI, Code Review, SSO, O(n2), UTILITIES CLI, Version Control, Vim, SSH, JVM, RVM, AS/400, ImageMagick SOFTWARE IDE, Advanced Text Editors, FTP/SCP, Adobe CS5/CS6, Microsoft Office, MX Exchange, Developer APIs, Design ToolsEmail FREELANCE PROJECTSDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 18, 2018©2018 Indeed
Software EngineerGoogle Inc-October 2017 to PresentOct'2017 - Till date Google Fiber (Access and Infrastructure) Google Fiber Infrastructure team develops and maintains the Weaver/Iceberg platform and necessary pipelines used by the field engineers and network designers to design and maintain the network designs, pre and post launch of Fiber in a city. Role: Software Engineer Responsibilities: ● Worked on Weaver feature enhancements. ● Worked on Address sync and curation tools from various sources to Address database using Golang. ● Enhanced Weaver with capability to view Address Histories. ● Worked on migrating code and data from using a heavier feature protobuf to light weight protobufs. ● Worked on configurations and deployment of borg jobs. ● Worked on enhancing Fiber eligibility service using Golang. Environment: C++, Golang, Protobufs, Spanner database, Gerrit/Critique, Borg/Kubernetes, GRPC, Linux.Senior Software EngineerDigital Insight-October 2015 to September 2017an NCR owned company) Oct'2015 - Sept' 2017 Interfaces Interfaces is the gateway to multiple Data Processing Vendors(DPV). For a FI customer to do banking, the requests have to go through a particular interface to the DPV and fetch the necessary information. Role: Senior Software Engineer Responsibilities: ● Developed User Centric based Interface for Portico Host. ● Designed and Implement new features in Interface to Bankway and ITI Connect3. ● Worked on various Interfaces while addressing Production issues. ● Developed a bulk feed updater in Golang which parses bank customer information and stores in the database. Environment: C++, Golang, Python, LinuxApplication EngineerGoogle Inc-October 2014 to June 2015Oct'2014 - June'2015 Gmail Anti-spam Gmail Spam and Abuse Team, handles the spam and abuse mails filtering for individual and enterprise customers. This team owns the Spam Classification Server which consists of feature computers and involves in computing the features for each message passing through the pipeline and gets classified. Role: Application Engineer Responsibilities: ● Designed and Implemented feature_sentiment. ● Added precheck submits for scs config, and inbound rules. ● Wrote Unit test cases using GTest/Python/SWIG. Environment: C++, Golang, GRPC, Python, SWIG, Linux.Principal Software EngineerSymantec Corporation-March 2014 to October 2014Mar' 2014 - Oct'2014 StarScan Starscan from Symantec, is cloud based anti-spam and anti-malware SAAS software. The SMTP Mail channels and the messages exchanged to and fro by the clients are constantly filtered for messages containing spam and malware. Role: Principal Software Engineer Responsibilities: ● Designed and Implemented DMARC related feature enhancements into Starscan. ● Designed and Implemented code changes to replace LDAP with rbldnsd and integrate it into StarScan anti-spam modules. ● Develop scripts to monitor and send status of various Starscan queue to the F5 load balancer. ● Deploy Starscan in Data centers and monitoring the performance of the new deployments. Environment: C++, STL, Python, LinuxSenior EngineerYahoo Inc-March 2013 to February 2014Mar'2013 - Feb' 2014 Guaranteed Display Ads Guaranteed display ads (GD2) is the second generation serving system. Its prime objective is to select the best guaranteed booking (contract/demand) to display for every ad opportunity. The different components involved in GD2 Serving are FAC, GDFE, UPS, CDS, CM Rise, ADS, CADS. Role: Senior Engineer Responsibilities: ● Implemented the Companion Ad Logic in GDFE and CM Rise modules. ● Implemented CADS with YDISC infrastructure. ● Implemented monitoring scripts and service metrics for ADS and CADS components. ● Implemented Orca feature (a SOA architecture feature) in all components. ● Implemented changes required in Cluster Controller, a Continuous Integration (CI) tool on rhel6. ● Deployment (and rollback, when needed) of software components in Data centers. ● Supported and addressed production issues at real-time. Environment: C++, STL, Boost, Python, LinuxSenior DeveloperSymantec Corporation-February 2012 to January 2013Feb'2012 - Jan 2013 CASH &amp; ECAS BE CASH application, the Certificate Authority Key Management Tool is the operator interface to the cryptographic functions and procedures used to generate, process and manage digital certificates and keys. This tool is used by Processing center. MMAVIS the Control Center where the Customer CSRs are evaluated and approved by Symantec Customer support  Role: Senior Developer Responsibilities: ● Implemented enhancements for Cryptographic tools used by Symantec. ● Implement the DSA (PKI Security) algorithm in the CASH application presentation layer. ● Involved in making enhancements to CASH to recognize and integrate with LunaSA HSM. ● Enhancing MMAVIS and ECAS BE java modules to include the DSA changes. Environment: C++, Java, Apache web server, Linux Hardware Security Modules: SafeNet Luna CA3/CA4/SA, AEP Networks Keyper.C++ Technical LeadAir WorldWide-April 2011 to February 2012April'11 - Feb' 12 CATRADER AIR Worldwide (AIR) is the scientific leader and provider of risk modeling software and consulting services. CATRADER® is the industry standard for analyzing reinsurance contracts and insurance-linked securities. Re-insurers, insurers, reinsurance intermediaries, and investors across the world rely on CATRADER for analyzing and pricing catastrophe risk transfer alternatives. Role: C++ Technical Lead Responsibilities: ● Solely responsible for implementing the Custom lines and Custom models of Business. ● Enhanced the engine module for the custom lines. ● Responsible for enhancing the server side Perl packaging module for the data files. ● Responsible for enhancing the client to pull the IDF files from the server. ● Writing stored procedures to fetch the configuration data at the application startup. Environment: C/C++, STL, LinuxC++ Technical LeadSymantec Corporation-October 2009 to April 2011Oct' 09 - April' 11 Norton Security Products Symantec is provider of the worlds' leading computer security products suite NIS, Norton AV and N360. Was solely responsible for 'Reputation Scan', which was new feature in Norton security suite version 2011. Role: C++ Technical Lead Responsibilities: ● Solely responsible for implementing the Reputation Scan feature, available in v2011. ● Designed and developed the multi-threaded UI module. ● Built the communication between the modules using named pipes and sockets. ● Integration with the TI scripts to provide data to the SymHtml. ● Build communication between layers using sockets and Networking protocols(TCP/IP and UDP). Environment: Visual Studio, VC++, STL, MFC, WindowsIdentity and Access Management(IAM) solutionComputer Associates Inc-August 2005 to August 2009which provides single gateway to automate access to multiple applications. Allows organization level administrators to control access to users. Role: Technical lead  Responsibilities: ● Responsible for coding the SSO Interpreter commands for HLLAPI clients. ● Solely implemented the SSL protocol for the client server communication using sockets. ● Communication between authentication agents and client using TCP/IP. ● Implementation of SSOP protocol using ElGamal encryption. ● Implemented RSA authentication. Environment: C/C++, Python, Oracle.  II. Service Level Management Unicenter Service Metric Analysis (SMA) is a comprehensive service monitoring, network management and web-based reporting solution that helps network and system administrators, and business managers understand and manage predefined service goals across all IT resources.  Role: C/C++ Technical lead Responsibilities: ● Responsible for implementing appagent for measuring service response time and availability. ● Responsible for implementing wmiCollect for collecting WMI based metrics. ● Implemented enhancement request for snmpCollect module implemented in Perl. ● Implemented the Oracle queries to push the data into database, and refining data. ● Implemented agents to server communication using sockets and TCP/IP. ● Responsible for enhancing the embedded pl/sql statements and stored procedures. Environment: C++, Oracle database, Apache, Linux  III. Erwin Data modeler Erwin Data modeler is targeted at database designers, modelers and administrators. Erwin data modeler supports 17 databases supporting all the database specific features as well. Erwin is the leader in data modeling domain for six consecutive years. Role: Senior C++ Developer Responsibilities: ● Solely responsible for evaluating third party parsers, and providing consolidated report. ● Responsible for implementing the parser logic for MS-SQL Server 2010. ● Responsible for implementing reverse engineering MS-SQL Server 2010 into Erwin. ● Coding for enhancements in Erwin orchestrator and Reporting modules. Environment: Visual C++ 6.0, ATL, MFC, COM, Oracle, MS-SQL Server.EducationMaster of Computer Applications in Computer ApplicationsOsmania University - Hyderabad, TelanganaSkillsC++ (10+ years), LINUX (10+ years), PYTHON (8 years), TCP (5 years), TCP/IP (5 years)Additional InformationTechnical skills  Languages/Technologies: C++, Golang Operating Systems: Linux, MacOS Frameworks/Libraries: GRPC, STL, Boost Protocols Protobuf, JSON, XML, REST Networking Protocols: TCP/IP, UDP, SSL/TLS Databases: Google Spanner, MySQL, PostgreSQL Scripting languages Python, Shell IDE/Tools/Utilities: VIM, Eclipse, Gdb Web Technologies: HTML, JavaScript, CSS Version Control Git, Perforce Development Methodologies Waterfall, Agile, TDD Test/Mock tools GTest, GMockEmail Software EngineerDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 8, 2018©2018 Indeed
Linux Systems AdministratorT, INC - Seattle, WA-July 2016 to PresentAT&amp;T Corp., originally the American Telephone and Telegraph Company, is the subsidiary of AT&amp;T that provides voice, video, data, and Internet telecommunications and professional services to businesses, consumers, and government agencies. Fast, highly secure and mobile connectivity - to everything on the internet, everywhere, at every moment and on every device - is what drives us. It's reflected in our mission  Responsibilities: ➢ Installation of Red Hat Linux EL 7.x, 6.x, 5.x based servers in development, test and production environments.  ➢ Working as a Systems Administrator and Solaris / Linux Systems Engineer, supporting and maintaining UNIX servers running (LINUX, Solaris and AIX) in a distributed environment. ➢ Supporting the infrastructure comprising up to 2000+ Unix/Linux/Solaris servers. ➢ Working on OS and hardware break-fix, and also providing 24/7 on-call support. ➢ Performed remote installation using Jumpstart and Kick-start Installations. ➢ Implemented satellite server for Kick-start installation for O/S and applications. ➢ Worked with VERITAS Volume Manager (VxVM) for creating volumes and file systems for various applications and databases. ➢ VERITAS Cluster Services configuration on 2/4 node cluster hosts. These hosts are mostly production databases running Oracle 10g Enterprise. ➢ Extensive experience in performing most common configuration and administration tasks with VERITAS NetBackup including: - Managing media, storage units, unit groups, catalogs and lifecycle policies etc ➢ Expert level knowledge of Symantec Veritas NetBackup. ➢ Troubleshooting Unix/Linux network and security related issues. ➢ Set up hosting environment in our data center, this includes mounting hardware in cabinets, racking and configuring servers, and cabling hardware and network devices. ➢ Troubleshoot servers and/or network issues. Act as a point of contact to resolve hardware and software problems in the data center. ➢ Strong communication skills and able to work with support teams in multiple locations. ➢ Responsible for migration of the server's data centers as well as upgrading the system software as per the requirements. ➢ Handling all NFS, Auto Mount, DNS, LDAP related issues. ➢ Allocation and management of Storage resources connected to various servers over SAN environment. ➢ Installed and Configured Oracle RAC on UNIX, Linux Platform. ➢ Coordinating with system, Network and Database administrators to troubleshoot various issues during implementation. ➢ Installing and upgrading the packages and patches for Red-hat, Solaris and SuSE hosts. ➢ Strong knowledge of Apache, Tomcat in Linux/Solaris OS. ➢ Configuration/troubleshooting of multi-paths on Solaris and bonding on Linux Servers. ➢ Extensive experience in writing Bash &amp; Perl Scripts to handle repetitive jobs. ➢ Provided frontline support to the service ticket requests like login failures, account creation, process management, restarting the apache, DNS services, resolve the SSH login problems. ➢ Involved in the yearly maintenance patching for both SAN and NAS connected Linux servers. ➢ Strong applied experience with storage related technologies; Replication and Cloning, Mulitpathing, Volume managers, Tiered Storage, RAID Levels, FCIP. ➢ Strong experience with IP-based, iSCSI and Fiber networking for SAN/NAS technologies. ➢ Storage Operation - Provide daily management of NetApp storage estate through the use of management tools ensuring operational response for execution, provision, access and performance. ➢ Storage Efficiency and Optimization - Ensure NetApp products are suitably configured for maximum storage efficiency. This may include such tasks as product upgrades, performance monitoring, and system audit tasks. ➢ Extensive experience in VMware VSphere 5.0. ➢ Proficient technical skills in various editions of ESX/VMWARE VSphere platform ➢ Administration. ➢ Installation and configuration of LAMP / SAMP stack to configure mediawiki / wordpress for the Intranet pages.  Environment: Red-hat Linux 5/4, SUN Servers - E10K, 12K, 25K, E480, E3800, E4800, IBM xSeries 335/336/345/346/365, Windows 2000, VERITAS Cluster Software, RHEL, VMware Infrastructure 3, VERITAS Volume Manager 4.x, VERITAS Net Backup 6.5, Oracle RAC 11g, NFS, DNS, LDAP, Net App NAS, Apache TomCat, Solaris Zones, VERITAS Cluster server (VCS), BASH, Perl, D-trace, q-mail, Oracle 10g, My SQL, SAN, Shell programming, EMC DMX3000, 2000, 1000.Sr. Unix/Linux AdministratorNike - Portland, OR-October 2014 to June 2016Responsibilities: ➢ Responsible for Installation, Configuration Management, Maintenance and Systems Development of Red hat Linux and Sun Solaris systems. ➢ Monitored and administered Servers for day-to-day problems, patches, user administration, and hardware failure, monitoring log files, backup, software patching, configuration changes and documentation. ➢ Installed, upgraded and configured SUN Solaris 9/10/11 on Sun Servers using Jumpstart and Red hat Enterprise Linux 5/6 using kick start. ➢ Installed &amp; configured Guest operating system like Red hat 5.x, 6.x and Sun Solaris on VMware ESX 5.x. ➢ Configured the LUNs assigned by the storage administrators, and managed Volumes using Logical Volume Manager (LVM) on Linux. ➢ Installed and maintain Puppet-based configuration management system. Designed and deployed the Nagios implementation, Implemented Puppet modules to automate configuration of a broad range of services. ➢ Managed user accounts and groups on a large scale in LDAP and NIS environments. ➢ Troubleshooting and analysis of hardware and software failures for various Solaris servers. ➢ Involved with the deployment teams in troubleshooting and fixing day-to-day problems of the applications in production on 24/7 schedule. ➢ Post build configurations, checks, updating, security checks, file systems, permissions and packages. ➢ Working with backup/storage team for backups and storage allocation for applications. ➢ Monitoring severs and resolving tickets assigned to group, troubleshooting different application related issues/provisions. ➢ Performed Memory and Swap management to improve optimization and performance of the servers. ➢ Installed, configured and managed Oracle 10g RAC/ 11g RAC, Standby databases. ➢ Configuring and Administering Oracle 11g Automatic Storage Management (ASM) ➢ ASM disk creation, ASM Data groups and ASM File creation. ➢ Installation of Packages and required Patches to the application. ➢ Setup, configuring and backup management using VERITAS Net Backup. ➢ Daily Monitoring of Net Backup activity and reporting to proactively avoid issues.  Environment: SUN Solaris 8/9/10, RHEL 5.x/6.x, VMware ESX5.x, Apache 2.2.x, SuSE EL 9/10WebLogic 8.x/9.x, Sun Fire T1000, T2000, Sun M9000, M5000, M3000, Sun X3-2, X3-4, HP C Blade System, BL460c, BL420c EMC, VERITAS Storage Foundation 5, VERITAS Cluster Server 5.1, VMware.System AdministratorCloudray - Hyderabad, Telangana-August 2012 to September 2014Responsibilities: ➢ Installation of Red Hat Linux EL 7.x based servers using Kickstart in development, test and production environments.  ➢ Built centralized servers for the CPS infrastructure and Configured bi-directional synchronization between the servers through UNISON tool for timely synchronization of data for various application environments.  ➢ Proactive maintenance on systems by timely upgrading Patches to the systems and applications, Scheduling of batch jobs and cron jobs for UNISON to run timely.  ➢ Installed and configured of SAMBA utility software for sharing files with Windows hosts  ➢ Creating and configuring Load Balancers and Updating SSL certificates for load balancers.  ➢ Define/setup network protocols, Network File Services (NFS), and Network Information Services (NIS) in Linux.  ➢ Performed all LVM and file system tasks like creation of Logical volume and file system, mount a file system, modifying size of a Logical Volume and file system, Removing a file system.  ➢ Created RAID 1, 01 configurations on hardware RAID devices and RAID10, 5 using SVM, LVM, VxVM  ➢ Managed System Firewall utilizing IP Chains, IP Tables. Implemented SSH SSL.  ➢ Managed user disk usage by setting up quotas.  ➢ Administered system logs and security logs.  ➢ Creating Virtual Machine Profiles in Vcenter Server, allocating storage and installing Redhat Linux using kickstart.  ➢ Administered Linux servers for several functions including managing Apache/Tomcat server, mail server, My-SQL database, and firewalls in both development and production.  ➢ Performed documentation of Linux and Windows environment and configuration details including documentation of solutions for any issues that have not been discovered previously.  ➢ Developed python programming language in Linux operating system.  ➢ Used Atom and sublime text as code editor to implement python.  ➢ Implemented console programs using GNOME terminal.  Environment: Red Hat 5.x/6.x/7.x, CentOS 5.x/6.x/7.x, VMware Virtual Client 3.5, AIX 5.3, 6.1, Windows Server, XP, 07, 08, DNS, NFS, SMTP, Veritas File System (VxFS), Web server Apache 1.3x, VMware, vSphere4.1/5.1.Jr. System AdministratorCloudray - Hyderabad, Telangana-November 2011 to August 2012Installing, configuring and updating Redhat Linux and IBM AIX 4/5 systems. ➢ Designing System Requirements, Designing Storage requirements, Configuration Management/Change control/Release management. ➢ Installing Veritas Volume Manager 4.0 and configuring Disk Groups, Volume Groups and Logical volumes to manage the storage resources. ➢ Creating, Resizing and managing online JFS Filesystem for users upon user request using Veritas Volume manager and LVM. ➢ Patch and Package administration to keep the servers updated with the patches and that implementing packages developed for deployment. ➢ Installed and Configured SSH for secured access on IBM AIX and Redhat Linux Systems. ➢ Installing and Configuring HP-OMNIBACK 4.10 for Backup of more than 30 Servers. ➢ Installing, configuring various software applications and packages like Apache 1.3.18, WebLogic 7.x, Oracle 9i etc. ➢ Implementing NIS and DNS naming services and administering the public DNS servers. ➢ Monitoring System Activities like CPU, Memory, Disk and Swap space usage to avoid any performance issues.  ➢ Configured Network and troubleshooting network problems such as TCP/IP, providing support for users in solving their problems.  ➢ Created network environments using TCP/IP, NFS, and DHCP.  ➢ Performed UNIX System Administration. Fine tuning, Kernel debugging, process scheduling, disk and file system I/O, kernel internals, TCP/IP communications. ➢ Tuning the Kernel parameters for the better performance of applications like Oracle, WebLogic etc. ➢ Troubleshooting day-to-day server related issues and problems in terms of hardware, operating system, applications and network. ➢ Worked on User administration setup, maintaining account, Monitor system performance. ➢ Experience in Shell scripting (ksh, bash) to automate system administration jobs ➢ Mentoring junior team members to support production web environment.EENADU (INTERNSHIP)EENADU - Hyderabad, Telangana-February 2011 to October 2011Administration/Networking ➢ Installation and configuration of small to medium sized networks. ➢ Mitigation of DOS attacks ➢ Cpanel, Plesk, and Directadmin configuration and support. ➢ Server deployment, patching, securing, troubleshooting, and configuration of systems. ➢ Installation and configuration of numerous Linux and BSD distros. ➢ Management of OpenVZ, Plesk, and XEN nodes. ➢ Racking, migration, and general OS troubleshootingEducationMaster'sSkillsAIX (4 years), Apache (6 years), Linux (7 years), VERITAS (6 years), VMware (5 years)Additional InformationTECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES: Operating Systems Linux (RedHat 5/6), Sun Solaris (10/9/8), Ubantu, IBM AIX 5.x, 6.1, 7.1 Windows […] Server, VMWARE ESX/ES Hardware Dell PowerEdge Series, ATG 10.2, HP DL Series servers, HP Blade, Sun Fire Servers - E25k, E15k, 12k, E280R, E480R, V240, 420R, V440, V480, V490, V880, V890 and 4800 Data Centre Servers - E250, E450, E3000 and E3500 Tape Libraries - Sun StorEdge […] L180 and Storagetek's 9840 A/B/C Fibrechannel Arrays - Sun StorEdge 3130, […] EMC DMX 800 and 1000  Scripting Shell scripting, Python, PERL, C, C++, JEE Networking TCP/IP, DNS, NFS, NIS, SSH, DHCP, SMTP, Telnet, Netstat, WINS, Cisco Routers / Switches and LAN Tools Sun Cluster 3.2, VERITAS NetBackup 6.0, VERITAS Storage Foundation Suite, Solaris Volume Manager, sendmail Third Party Software VERITAS Volume Manager, EMC Storage, RAID Technologies, SSL, Double-Take, BMC Blade Logic. Web Technologies Apache 2.0, WebLogic 8.1/10, WebSphere, JBoss, IPlanet, IIS, HIS. Backup Management: 4.x/5.x/6.x, Ufsdump, Ufsrestore, tar, cpio, dd, TivoliEmail Linux Systems AdministratorDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: May 13, 2018©2018 Indeed
DevOps EngineerCentOS/Ubuntu-May 2016 to PresentCurrent area of interest and intensive learning/working: • Python and Java programming • DevOps integration of Ansible, Docker and Jenkins on public cloud platform: Amazon Web Services (AWS) based on OpenSource OS (CentOS/Ubuntu) and application packages solutions. • OpenStack cloud solution, Linux Security and Bash Scripting • Google Cloud Platform, Kubernetes and Docker Containers, Microservices • Jenkins CI v2 pipeline  Recently attended programming trainings and passed exams on EDX platform: • Introduction to CS and Programming using Python (MIT 6.00.1x) • Introduction to Computational Thinking and Data Science (MIT 6.00.2x) • Introduction to Programming with Java (Universidad Carlos III de Madrid - 3 Courses) • Introduction to Java Programming (The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology - 2 Courses) • Using Python for Research (Harvard) • Introduction to Python for Data Science (Microsoft)Senior System and Network EngineerLinuxAdministrator - Finbet Belgrade-December 2015 to May 2016Maintenance of Virtual Infrastructure environment (VPS) based Linux Servers: RHEL/CentOS 5/6.x/7 and Oracle Linux/Solaris 10 servers as Virtual (VMs) and Physical server machines. Those Systems are located on different locations: in the providers Cloud (OVH) or customer premises where virtualization is based on VMware 5.5/6.0 platform. • Automation of new VMs (Virtual Machines) deployment and configuration distribution with Spacewalk (Red Hat Satellite) software packages and system configuration and deployment with Puppet server. • Monitoring of virtual infrastructure contained of Linux and Windows servers (VPS) with OpenSource monitoring solutions based on Check_MK plug-ins and Nagios. • Maintenance of enterprise OpenLDAP environment, testing migration to FreeIPA integrated LDAP solution. • Regular monitoring and maintenance of Backup solution: Symantec (Veritas) NetBackup solution mainly dedicated for physical server systems and VEEAM Backup and Recovery solution for VMware environment • EMC VNX storage and FC switches administration, HP C7000 enclosure Blade server administration and integration with VMware virtualization environment.Senior System and Network EngineerWebCentric - Belgrade, RS-August 2015 to November 2015Belgrade • Maintenance of Virtual Infrastructure environment (VPS) mainly based Linux CentOS 6.x and Windows 2008R2/2012R2 servers as Virtual Machines (VMs). Those VPSes are located on different (20-30) locations in the providers Cloud. Used virtualization platform is VMware 4.1/5.1/5.5. • Backup Automation of different database solutions: Galera MySQL/MariaDBIT Infrastructure and Security SpecialistUNOPS - Belgrade, RS-December 2012 to August 2015Belgrade IT Data Center Design and Implementation, Server and Application Virtualization, IT Infrastructure and security design and implementation of front/back-end solutions. List of Tasks: • Implementation of Oracle front/back-end solutions based on Application/Database product suite: WebLogic 11g/12c and Database Real Application Cluster (RAC) 11g. • Server Virtualization based on RedHat (KVM/oVirt-RHEV) and VMware solutions. Migration of Virtual Infrastructure to a new solution with improvements in DEV/Test environment • Implementation of Microsoft/OpenSource based server/application solutions (Microsoft Widows Server 2008R2, AD DS/DNS/DHCP, High Availability - Clustering and NLB Services, LDAP, OpenVPN, SSH/VNC, 2Way SSL, LUKS Full Disk encryption, Firewall, Apache Web server, HA Proxy, Linux RedHat/CentOS 6.x/7, Oracle EL 6) • Maintenance of shared storage (iSCSI and NFS) for DB implementation (ASM), Implementation of VM (guest) snapshot/full and incremental backup and virtual host backup. • Design and implementation of system-monitoring solution for EHR (Electronic Health Record) environmentDevOps EngineerDatabase Clusters and MSSQL-2014 to 2014Database with storing backups on AWS S3. Used tools are: Percona Xtrabackup for full and incremental backup, AWS S3 S3cmd tool for automation of backup transfer and maintenance of AWS S3 buckets from Linux OS and AWS-CLI and S3Sync tools for backup transfer (MSSQL 2014) and folder synchronization from Windows environment (Server 2012 R2) with storage on AWS S3. • Backup Automation of cPanel multisite environment (more than 20 Web sites) with AWS SDK for PHP. Backups are created and transferred to appropriate AWS S3 buckets as result of execution of scheduled task (cron job) which is based on PHP scripts. • Implementation and maintenance of HAproxy cluster solution, squid proxies, HMA proxy solutions, PROXY (Devil Linux) Firewalls. • Monitoring of virtual infrastructure contained of Linux and Windows servers (VPS) with OpenSource monitoring solutions based on Cacti • Building new release templates on Jenkins and distribution with custom Java based tool over selected VPSes in the cloud. • Building simulated VI (Virtual Infrastructure) test environment based on VirtualBox and Vagrant for the purpose of learning and introduction Tomcat web/application server as front-end and Galera MariaDB cluster as back-end. This is a simplified picture of production environment.IT System Solution DeveloperSystem Architect at Banca-December 2009 to December 2012Intesa Belgrade (BIB)  List of Tasks: • Design and Implementation of ICT Network Infrastructure solution in DEV/TEST/PROD environment • Evaluation and acquisition of different IT project solution from IT vendors/partners/external developers • Network Infrastructure support and system maintenance (third line) for IT projects implemented in Banca Intesa as a member of IT Infrastructure Development Unit • Microsoft Application and Server products support: Windows server 2008R2/2012, Exchange 2007/2010R2, SCCM/SCOM 2007R2/2012, Firewall/ISA/Proxy Services, etc • Server (VMware VI3.5/vSphere 5.1) virtualization • Application (Citrix XenApp 5.0/6.5) virtualization • Backup and Consolidation of Shared Filesystem • MS AD logical and physical consolidation • Take a part in tests of DR solution of infrastructure services and virtual infrastructure • Definition/maintenance and automation of administrative task lists, • Anti-Virus/malware/spyware protection, OCR, CRISP (CRM), ATM, eLearning and other project, etcLocal System Administrator and Help Desk SupportEAR - European Agency for Reconstruction, Operating Centre Belgrade-August 2001 to December 2008List of Tasks: • Informatics hardware installation • Software (operating system and end-users applications) installation • Technical support and maintenance • Back-up and other security tasks • Maintenance of telephone system, etc. • Other tasks related to the installation and maintenance of information and communication technology Detailed description of duties: • Configuration, maintenance, support and technical documentation of structured cabling connections (local computer network and telephone network) • Installation of user's IT resources and maintenance of related technical information and inventory • Support to Backbone team in IT equipment installation, implementation and operation/maintenance tasks • Specific configuration of user's workstations and server software environment • Maintenance of organisational documents on IT issues regarding user network (list of users, Hardware/software installed, helpdesk, etc.) • Software compatibility test tasks of end-user applications • First line identification and repair of user's IT equipment • First line identification of problems regarding global services and local network • Help-desk tasks to users (solving daily problems with office and other applications) • Specific training of users on the use of hardware, software applications and IT organisational policies and procedures • Support to Administration Unit regards telephone issues • Reporting of problems related to quality/conformance of user hardware and IT resources • Identification of user needs and requests regarding IT infrastructure and assistance in implementation of the EAR IT policies and procedures • Updating IT inventory and Control of Stocks levels • Local System Administration tasks in the framework of the distributed administration put in place in the AgencySenior Network Designer/EngineerDevelopment - Belgrade, RS-June 1997 to July 2001Department of Bank Beobanka (it was largest national bank and first ISP provider in Ex-YU ), Belgrade, Serbia Established and implemented strategy for data communication solutions, managed and monitored implementation processes, introduced new communication products and provided high level support to field engineers. Detailed Job Description: • Responsible for network designing, implementation, monitoring and maintenance for LAN/WAN networks on central site, departments and branch offices; • Provided network administration for corporate network of Beobanka Bank (10 departments and about 200 branch offices) • Responsible for providing team leadership to a group of experienced network engineers and technicians (up to 25 people) Working environment description: 1. Protocols/Connections/Hardware: Ethernet 10/100, TCP/IP, IPX/SPX, NetBIOS, Frame Relay, Leased Line, E1, ISDN, DHCP/DNS, NAT, Active Directory and NetWare Directory Services, Cisco (4000 and 2500 series), Bay Networks (ASN, ARN, ANH and AN);Senior Network EngineerDevelopment-2000 to 20004/5, Terminal Servers Citrix WinFrame, Cheyenne Backup and Antivirus Solutions (ArcServe and InocuLAN)Network Designer/EngineerComputer Department - Belgrade, RS-October 1995 to May 1997in Institute "Mihajlo PUPIN", Belgrade, Serbia Job Description: Consulted for various government and corporate client institutions by designing, implementing, monitoring and supporting LAN/WAN Networks. Acted as a network Analyst, responsible for Mihajlo Pupin's campus Network infrastructure. • Designing, Implementing and Maintaining LAN/WAN network of Dunav Insurance Company; (Network infrastructure included Headquarters' LAN with 200 users and 45 Branch offices - 40 LANs with 10-20 users each and 5 LANs with 30-60 users each) • Designing and Implementing a nation wide network (LAN/WAN) for the Public Income of Serbia; (Network infrastructure included Headquarters' LAN with around 300 users, 5 Regional Centres with 40-60 users in each and 200 Branch Offices - between 10-25 users in each.Network Administrator - Technical Support at ComputerDepartment in Institute - Belgrade, RS-November 1991 to October 1995Belgrade, Serbia  Job Description: Implementing and Supporting LANs, maintaining leased line and dial-up connections, performed network administration, troubleshooting, training and technical support for Netware and Windows products for end-users.EducationMaster in Electrical EngineeringUniversity of Belgrade1985 to 1990Email DevOps EngineerDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: May 22, 2018©2018 Indeed
Principal Member of Technical StaffAT&T Labs - Austin, TX-February 2012 to Present• Working on a Golang+Python software to automate verification of baremetals setup before Linux OS gets installed by using an ephemeral linux system with custom Python verification scripts.   • Created Python framework for device automation. This helps to automated tests that now cover 80% of what used to be manual work.  • Created Chatbot to automate work related to ATT Webstr data entry and executing tests automatically when users requested.  • Provide support for peers on Python related issues and also provide training on Python and its uses for network automation and machine learning techniques to extract information from network systems for ATT groups of 20 to 40 people.Test EngineerAT&T Labs - Austin, TX-February 2010 to February 2012• I was in charge of developing and implementing test plans, as part of the Waverunner UVerse test team, executing them and posting any bugs/issues on the Jira system to check functionality and performance of new Waverunner system developed by Ericsson.  • To improve time to completion and accuracy created test and data gathering automation scripts in Python, Powershell and Perl: to automate data gathering for performance evaluation of Live Recording Service from Microsoft on WindowsOwnerDelicato Creamery and Cafe - Austin, TX-August 2006 to October 2009I was in charge many items for the business, from managing employees, around 10, to developing recipes, database with recipes to cost, cooking, cleaning, and anything needed to make the business work. It did not work, at the end with the recession hitting harder than we could sustain, but it was an impressive learning experience as a manager and customer service sales representative on a product I believed on.Sr. Member of Technical StaffAT&T Labs - Austin, TX-June 2005 to August 2006As part of the IPTV Lightspeed Project (AT&amp;T UVerse) we designed the test plans and meet with Microsoft, ATT and Alcatel Engineers to foresee and overcome any functionality and performance issues with the deployment and testing of the Video on Demand (VOD) part of the IPTV platform that ATT is deploying today. The platform was based on a Microsoft System, with Tandberg H.264 encoders for live streaming, and H.264 non-linear encoder for VoD.Principal Network Engineer and Advisor to the CTOINTELSAT - Washington, DC-March 2000 to May 2005• In charge of looking for new opportunities and services related to video over IP that could enhance Intelsat's capabilities to compete better in the satellite industry. This position was directly under the CTO supervision.  • Designed and implemented in the lab a hybrid satellite-terrestrial IPTV system where we introduce the concept to our management and explain the benefits that could bring to the company. The project resulted in an end-to-end IPTV system with a hybrid solution of satellite-dsl distribution network with multicast distribution for live video, a shared video headend with MPEG over IP Encapsulators.Web developerTuruta.com-May 1998 to June 2000https://web.archive.org/web/20010202060300/http://turuta.com/)  • Created a web portal with a search engine (indexer and Boolean searches); calendar with email, cell phone and pager reminders; classifieds; group pages where people could organized and have their virtual groups, uploading images, using calendar, managing permissions, etc.; and weather information via retrieving and parsing CNN web page. It was nominated as best site of the month in a Venezuelan Internet magazine. Skill: PHP, MySQL, PERL, HTTP, HTML, JavaScript, SQL.EducationBachelor in Science in Electronic EngineeringUniversidad Simon Bolivar - Caracas, VEMaster in Science Electronic Engineering in didUniversidad Simon Bolivar - Caracas, VESkillsPython (5 years), Golang (1 year)Additional Information• Programming Languages and frameworks: Python, Golang, Scikit Learn, Numpy, Pandas, Jupyter, TensorFlow, Keras, SQL, Selenium WebDriver, JavaScript, Ansible, SQL, Flask, HTML, JQuery, CSS, XML, XSLT.  • IP Networking Technologies Used: Ubuntu MAAS, PXE, Linux IP Tables, Cisco IOS, IPTV, OSPF, EIGRP, CWMP, VLAN Switching, Multicast routing (SSM or PIM), and the OSI layers 3-7, Wireshark, Smarbits, Ixia, Satellite IRDs, Reliable Multicast.Email Principal Member of Technical StaffDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 18, 2018©2018 Indeed
Linux AdministratorBNY Mellon-January 2018 to PresentJob Responsibilities • Utilize Bash scripting language to Read, Write and Execute commands • Perform prechecks, E-trust, Re-trust and verify E-trust on servers before patching • Execute Prechecks and patching using BladeLogic • Work on site and remotely using Impulse Secure login to solve technical issues with team Implement the installation, configuration, administration, and maintenance of Red hat Linux 6 and 7 systems according to existing standards in a virtualized environment. • Apply Remedy as a ticketing tool • Created CRQs and Incident reports using Remedy • Attend to customer's requests based on ITSP • Used Veritas Cluster Services for detailed connection between Linux and Windows • Used IDIP tool for checking of server information and environment in a detailed form • Worked with the windows team to make schedules for server patching • Patched and supported over 20,000 servers • Provide End to End Linux Administration including installation, configuration, upgrades, and maintenance and troubleshooting of Linux systems. • Day-to-day, hands on work building, patching, and maintaining Linux systems in a highly virtualized (VMware) environment. • Provide thorough Documentation of the various issues handled along with the resolution • Install, upgrade and manage packages via RPM and YUM package management • Respond to all Linux systems problems and resolving them on a timely basis. • Monitor systems performance on all servers (Virtual memory, Disk and CPU utilization) • Manage Red Hat Storage using Linux logical Volume Manager • Install Firmware Upgrades, kernel patches, systems configuration, performance tuning • Provided on call support by rotation 24/7Linux AdministratorAdvance Resourcing-April 2015 to January 2018Job Responsibilities • Used Bash scripting language to Read, Write and Execute commands • Wrote puppet manifests and Ansible playbook to facilitate continuous integration and continuous delivery • Perform the installation, configuration, administration and maintenance of Red hat Linux 6 and 7 systems according to existing standards in a virtualized environment. • Triggered Jenkins builds using online repository Git • Set up OMD monitoring tool • Firewall configuration using Iptables-services • Ground set up and maintenance of the virtualization environment using VMware. • Provide and supervised set-up and configuration of system software and hardware • Provide support for web development, testing, system integration, installation scripts and other duties to support systems and network infrastructure • Created and deleted user accounts enforce security and compliance rules to regarding passwords and access to computer systems. • Provide End to End Linux Administration including installation, configuration, upgrades, and maintenance and troubleshooting of Linux systems. • Day-to-day, hands on work building, patching, and maintaining Linux systems in a highly virtualized (VMware) environment. • Provide thorough Documentation of the various issues handled along with the resolution provided • Install, upgrade and manage packages via RPM and YUM package management • Respond to all Linux systems problems and resolving them on a timely basis. • Managed disk space and set up quotas for specific accounts • Manage systems routine scheduling jobs and enabling Cron jobs. • Monitor systems performance on all servers (Virtual memory, Disk and CPU utilization) • Install, configure and support of Apache on Linux production servers. • Implement password aging on Red Hat and Centos servers • Manage Red Hat Storage using Linux logical Volume Manager • Install Firmware Upgrades, kernel patches, systems configuration, performance tuning • Provided on call support by rotation 24/7 • Setup of NFS and Samba file sharing services on Linux and Windows environments • Reset password and unlock locked user account • Utilize Bash scripting language to Read, Write and Execute commands • Preform prechecks, E-trust, Re-trust and verify E-trust on servers before patching • Execute patching using BladeLogic • Work on site and remotely using Impulse Secure login to solve technical issues with team Implement the installation, configuration, administration, and maintenance of Red hat Linux 6 and 7 systems according to existing standards in a virtualized environment. • Apply Remedy as a ticketing tool • Created CRQs and Incident reports using Remedy • Attend to customer's requests based on ITSP • Used Veritas Cluster Services for detailed connection between Linux and Windows • Used IDIP tool for checking of server information and environment in a detailed form • Worked with the windows team to make schedules for server patching • Patched and supported over 20,000 servers • Provide End to End Linux Administration including installation, configuration, upgrades, and maintenance and troubleshooting of Linux systems. • Day-to-day, hands on work building, patching, and maintaining Linux systems in a highly virtualized (VMware) environment. • Provide thorough Documentation of the various issues handled along with the resolution • Install, upgrade and manage packages via RPM and YUM package management • Respond to all Linux systems problems and resolving them on a timely basis. • Monitor systems performance on all servers (Virtual memory, Disk and CPU utilization) • Manage Red Hat Storage using Linux logical Volume Manager • Install Firmware Upgrades, kernel patches, systems configuration, performance tuning • Provided on call support by rotation 24/7Linux AdministratorP&T TECH-October 2013 to March 2015Job Responsibilities • Installing and configuring Redhat (RHEL 5) using kickstart • Installation of software and upgrading to ensure work is performed as per the company policy on various hardware platforms • Recommend resolutions to complex matters and coordinate the implementation of the approved course of action • Installed and supported apache • Installation of Nagios server. • Installation and configuration of Nagios/OMD plugin to manage remote machines. • Responsible for maintaining user accounts and basic service access permissions on infrastructure servers • Reset password and access permissions on demand • Collaborate with senior staff and clients to resolve complex problems • Responsible for monitoring and management VMware environment of virtual servers • Created and implemented recommendations to improve scalability and performance • Performed system startups and shutdowns • Support remote installations and changes • Keeping track of maintenance of the servers in hardware &amp; software • Building servers with kickstart on timely basis, along with corporate wide requirement • Maintain system patches, monitoring, alerting and standard remediationJr. Linux Administrator/ Help Desk SpecialistMTN Communications-May 2011 to September 2013Job Responsibilities • Systems installation, configuration and maintenance. • Provide software and hardware tech support • Manage warranties and software licenses for all department computers • Administer NFS and other applications on Linux Servers • Responsible for monitoring and management of data center • Train new users to use standard applications, equipment's and business applications • Create Linux/Unix/Window Virtual Machines using VMware • RPM and YUM package installations, patch and other server management • Configuration, management, monitoring, maintenance and troubleshooting of all RedHat &amp; CentOS LINUX servers. • Implementing and Maintaining Apache web server with HTTPS • Creating and Managing Users / Group accounts and setup a user's work environment. • User account and access management. • Install and configure VMware ESXi Hypervisor on the Physical Hardware. • Configured RedHat Kickstart server for installing multiple production servers. • Installed and configured monitoring tools Nagios for monitoring the network bandwidth and the hard drives status. Installed and configured of SAMBA utility software for sharing files with Windows hosts • Respond to emergency calls relating to server performance, diagnosis of problems, repairing problems or calling upon appropriate vendors to resolve the issue. • Documented various regular administrative tasks and backup procedures. • Excellent analytical, problem solving, communication and interpersonal skillsEducationBachelors of Science in EngineeringFederal University Of TechnologySkillsSystem Administrator, Vmware, System Admin, Linux, Active DirectoryEmail Linux AdministratorDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 6, 2018©2018 Indeed
Sr. Linux/Unix/ System EngineerComcast - Philadelphia, PA-April 2017 to PresentResponsibilities: • Worked as a Systems Administrator and Solaris / Linux Systems Engineer, supporting and maintaining UNIX servers running (LINUX, Solaris and AIX) in a distributed environment. • Supported the infrastructure comprising up to 2000+ Unix/Linux/Solaris servers. • Worked on OS and hardware break-fix, and also providing 24/7 on-call support. • Performed remote installation using Jumpstart and Kick-start Installations. • Troubleshooting Unix/Linux network and security related issues. • Basic scripting in Bash shell scripting. • Troubleshooting and configuring NAS and NFS mount points. • Working on Incident and change management. • Worked on hosting environment set up in our data center, this includes mounting hardware in cabinets, racking and configuring servers, and cabling hardware and network devices. • Troubleshoot servers and/or network issues. Act as a point of contact to resolve hardware and software problems in the data center. • Handled migration of the server's data centers as well as upgrading the system software as per the requirements. • Handled all NFS, Auto Mount, DNS, LDAP, FTP related issues. • Managed and allocated Storage resources connected to various servers over SAN environment. • Coordinating with system, Network and Database administrators to troubleshoot various issues during implementation. • Installed and upgraded the packages and patches for Red-hat, Solaris hosts. • Setting up DATE, TIME, TIMEZONES and NTP (Network Time Protocol) server on Red Hat Enterprise Linux Systems to ensure accurate time synchronization required for scheduled jobs and programs. • Worked on Configuration/troubleshooting of multi-paths on Linux Servers. • Managing systems routine backup, scheduling jobs like disabling and enabling cron jobs, enabling system logging, network logging of servers for maintenance, performance tuning and testing. • Provided frontline support to the service ticket requests like login failures, account creation, process management, restarting the apache, DNS services, resolve the SSH login problems. • Involved in the yearly maintenance patching for both SAN and NAS connected Linux servers. • Storage Operation - Provided daily management of NetApp storage estate through the use of management tools ensuring operational response for execution, provision, access and performance. • Storage Efficiency and Optimization - Ensured NetApp products are suitably configured for maximum storage efficiency. This may include such tasks as product upgrades, performance monitoring, and system audit tasks.Unix/Linux AdministratorEBay - San Jose, CA-February 2016 to March 2017Responsibilities: • Administrated Linux cluster consisting of 128 nodes running both on Redhat and Suse. • Added new nodes to the cluster, updated the nodes with patches from RHN and satellite server. • Applied Patches, installed monitoring tools, upgraded BIOS on HPC Clusters. • Added new nodes to the cluster, updated the nodes with patches from RHN and satellite server. • Configuring servers and setting up File systems, managing Disks space, and space clean up as required, clean setting up and troubleshooting networks issues like NFS/DNS/DHCP. • Managed Disk using LVM, resized disk space and Managed disk space from NetApp filers. • Trouble shooting system - OS level and Hardware level. • Taking care of Incident and change management. • Configured open LDAP Red Hat Linux systems. • Worked on NTP server setup and synchronized clients with NTP server. • Administrated system logs and security logs, Performed Kernel tuning and kernel patching. • Managed Remedy Queue to assign tickets according to level of expertise required and resolved the cases to resolution for cases whose ownership is taken. • Working on FTP, SAMBA, NFS elated issues. • Configured the servers and clients with Veritas Netbackup and monitoring Jobs &amp; Activities. • Performed backup, Archive and restore operations using Veritas Netbackup tool on servers. • Day to day administration of Production, QA, Development and Test environment systems. • Refresh/copy databases using Unix commands &amp; scripts (ART-tool using DD command son backend) every quarter on stage and development servers from respective DR of that Data Base. • Re-fired Backups, modifying backup config file (implementing various changes advised by DBA) and solving various backup related issues on DBBS (Data base backup systems) • Created User id and adding the respective group storage to access the security servers depending on validation of justification from client. • Provisioned Storage Volume and File-system Management using LVM on Linux in a heterogeneous SAN environment (EMC /NettApp) and using Veritas on SUN OS.Senior Unix/Linux EngineerTata consultancy services - IN-August 2013 to December 2015Responsibilities: • Worked as a Server Administrator and Linux Systems Engineer, supporting and maintaining UNIX servers running (LINUX and AIX) in a distributed environment. • Level 2 / Level 3 support as Linux Engineer • Level 2 support on Netapp, EMC storage. • Maintenance and Troubleshooting on Linux server and networking problems. • Administration on Linux servers. • Created Luns in the storage and mapping those Luns in the Linux servers. • Supported users in net meeting for creating their accounts to access the server. • Created profiles and assigning quota limit for accessing disks in servers. • Performed ITIL process based on SLA's. • Monitored the server for CPU utilization, memory utilization, and disk utilization for performance tuning. • Monitor system activities and fine tune system parameters and configuration to optimize performance. • Recovered data from server after a ROOT file system crash. • Created and adding Swap Space at runtime. • Ongoing performance tuning on the production servers. • Worked on taking tape level backups and restoring it back to the server. • Performed file and folder level migrations from different paths. • Recovering server during hard disk failure on server. • Analyzed the system logs and identifying potential issues with IT infrastructure. • Facilitated root cause analysis on day-to-day issues. • Day to day troubleshooting on concepts like FTP, DNS, DHCP, FTP, SAMBA, NFS, LVM's. • Coordinated with Vendors like RHEL, IBM, Netapp, EMC for major issues in the project. • Maintaining servers during DR drill activity.UNIX EngineerSify Technologies - Hyderabad, Telangana-May 2011 to July 2013Responsibilities: • Responsible for handling IT Infrastructure &amp; System Administration. • Maintained Linux servers. • Solved day-to-day Level-2/3 problems and following it up with the customer until closure through ticketing system. • Remote administration and monitoring of the servers co-located in US Data Center. • Monitoring the alert logs, errors and warnings and providing corrective action if required. • Maintained test environment with a similar set up installed for doing any proactive testing before applying it in the Production server. • Followed change management process for any changes that are done on the Infrastructure. • Generated Periodic Incident reports on regular basis. • Provided Root Cause Analysis for recurring problems. • Managed the incidents using the trouble ticket system and updating the knowledge base for resolving known errors &amp; preparing SOPS for them. • Attended weekly calls with customer. • Worked on troubleshooting issues in vcenter, host level and vm level in CLI as wells as GUI. • Worked with various vendors (VMware, Hitachi, onstor, HP, cisco) on support for critical issues and resolving the issue. • Performed User Administrative activities, network related activities including troubleshooting and application Support. • Built Linux 5.6 Tikanga, Rhel 6 servers based on Client requirement. • Server configurations like SENDMAIL, SAMBA, FTP, NFS. • Added the server in DNS configuration. • Monitored all Linux server's Utilizations through tools. • Worked on incremental and Full back up of all Severs through open source backup tool. • Assigned user level and group level quotas to the user for accessing the disk usage. • Configured RPM or YUM in the servers. Storage: Hitachi AMs 2500, Hands on experience on Creating and managing Luns. Volume Migration between different RAID groups.SkillsDNS (6 years), FTP (6 years), LINUX (6 years), NETWORK FILE SYSTEM (6 years), NFS (6 years)Additional InformationTechnical Skills: Operating Systems Linux (RedHat 5.x,6.x ,7.x SUSE, CentOS), UNIX (Solaris/HP-UX), Windows […] XP &amp; 8, VMWare (Esxi). Hardware Dell PE 2600, PE 1900, PE 2800, PE 2900, PE 2950, Sun Fire V440, V120, V480, V490, V880, Sun Fire X4100, X4200, X4440, X4140, X4170, X4500, X4540 Sun Fire 2900, 4800, 6900, Sun Enterprise Servers T5120, T5220, T5240, T2000, T3-1, T3-2, M5000 &amp; M9000, IBM Blade Center and various HP and Lenovo Servers.  Tools VERITAS Volume Manager, Veritas Cluster Server […] VERITAS Net backup 5.1, VMWare ESX, Nagios, Munin, Amanda, Zamanda, Solvit, IMS  Languages Bash Shell Script, PHP RDBMS SQL, Oracle, MySQL Networks NIS, NFS, LDAP, DNS, Routers and Firewalls Protocols TCP/IP, FTP, SSH, SFTP, SCP, SSL, ARP, DHCP, TFTP, RARP, PPP, POP3 and SMTP Storages Netapp, EMC, Hitachi AMS2000Email Sr. Linux/Unix/ System EngineerDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 6, 2018©2018 Indeed
Senior Systems EngineerUpskill (Formally APX Labs) - Herndon, VA-December 2016 to January 2017Developed micro services using Golang in support of smart glasses. Implemented CI/CD using Docker, GitHub, TravisCI, AWS ECR and Kubernetes to test, build and deploy services. Employed Tyk and Kubernetes to setup services selection and load balancing. Wrote unit tests and documentation. Worked within a DevOps team to design and develop these services and infrastructure.Principal Systems ProgrammerNeustar, Inc - Sterling, VA-2009 to September 2016Designed and developed over a dozen, diverse applications in support of Neustar's Systems Operations department providing automation, operational insight, staff productivity and data integrity. Executed each project, with its unique complexity, as a challenge, and an opportunity to acquire new skills. Provided quick turn around, focusing on user requirements and produced a clean, aesthetically pleasing and intuitive UI. Some examples of applications follow. • SiteProtect - Neustar's DDoS mitigation platform. Worked on a DevOps team rewriting this application using Golang and KnockoutJS. Attended daily Scrum sessions, committed to two-week delivery cycles, collaborated on implementation, used the Git branching model, performed code reviews, wrote Go unit tests to obtain 90% coverage and utilized Jira for issue tracking. • NeuMatic - A self-provisioning application for HP blade systems, local and remote stand-alone systems and VMware VMs using AngularJS and PHP/Zend2. NeuMatic is tightly integrated with corporate DNS, LDAP, Cobbler, CMDB and Chef. NeuMatic has been used for over 2 years provisioning 1,000 stand-alone and VM systems. Build time for stand-alone hardware was reduced from 2 weeks to 20 minutes. NeuMatic allows DevOps staff to provision their systems without the need to involve other operations staff. • D3 - The DDoS Dashboard, created for the Security Ops Center (SOC) in support of Neustar's UltraDNS and Site Protect products is widely known throughout the company. It combines Arbor Networks Peakflow DDoS detection software API, Google Maps API and IP geo location data to display a real-time view of DDoS attack sources and destinations. It has been used by the SOC as their main dashboard for the last 3 years. Follow on release included additional data sources, graphing and alarming. • BladeRunner - Combined HP SIM, NetApp OCI and ServiceNow CMDB data to display a searchable, hierarchical view of HP chassis, blades, VMs, SAN storage, business services, subsystems and owners. Numerous reports were also provided for capacity management and exceptions. • ACDC - Utilized HTML5's canvas element and FabricJS to provide a data center layout editor with rack elevation and asset detail views. Changes to asset location info are immediately pushed to CMDB. Racks, tiles, lines and text are all editable providing staff a means to document the data center layout and contents. • Cobalt - Provided a user-friendly UI application for use by the NOC to be able to take DNS resolvers in and out of rotation for Neustar's UltraDNS product eliminating the need for network administrators to be called in the middle of the night. • Zelda - UltraDNS prefix announcement configuration tool that compares the standard configuration against live router configurations. It also allows announcements to be disabled. • Glass - LDAP search and display of users, user groups, netgroups and permissions eliminating the need for InfoSec involvement. • SNS - ServiceNow CMDB update of data pulled from multiple host administration tools. • Glap - Uses A10 and F5 APIs to view load balancer configurations reducing the workload of network administrators. • HUMR - NOC tool providing a view of production installs in progress and a means to notify installers and prevent new installs from starting should a P1 or P2 event occur. • NeuWT - Queries Active Directory to obtain employee info to present a Neustar organization chart.Principal Systems ProgrammerAOL, LLC - Dulles, VA-2004 to 2009Responsible for the development of web applications and systems supporting AOL's operations staff in keys areas including web portals, process automation, work flow, systems integration, charge back, data collection, presentation and reporting, business metrics and systems administration. • Provided full visibility of AOL's SAN storage and host backup infrastructure, collecting, aggregating and presenting data from NetApp SANScreen, EMC ECC, Rackable, Yotta Yotta, NetBackup and AOL's CMDB system. SIMS was used by storage and systems administrators on a daily basis. • Reduced service outage times by developing an information management system, named RIMS, that integrated multiple reference data sources into a single web application providing critical information when every second counts. • Increased productivity and reduced error by delivering an automated process workflow application called Provisio. This innovative web application tracked a project from design to customer delivery providing project input, notifications, approvals, escalations, reporting and dashboards. • Enabled AOL's lines of business to view a clear financial picture of fully-loaded operations costs including hardware depreciation, SG&amp;A, data center and maintenance through the first operations chargeback application incorporating over 5PB of SAN storage, switches and 2,000 attached servers at a time when reducing operation costs was accompany goal. • Eliminated duplication of effort and associated costs by creating a departmental leave tracking tool called OOTO, which gained company-wide acceptance and became the de facto leave tracking tool still in use at AOL today.Senior Technical ManagerAOL, LLC - Dulles, VA-1999 to 2004Operationally responsible for AOL's authentication and member registration systems. Worked with development staff to improve application code, reduce outages and improve the customer experience. • Built the first operations team at AOL whose sole focus is member registration. Over 15 distinct registration scenarios were researched and documented along with associated servers, software, contacts and third party providers. Monitors, alarms and real-time graphs were introduced. New relationships were forged with development and other operations staff. These efforts resulted in a dramatic increase in availability of this key, revenue building system. • Significantly increased availability of AOL's SecurID authentications subsystem used by over 16,000 employees world-wide to gain access to internal services by increasing redundancy, influencing development to eliminate bugs, increased monitoring and providing critical procedures to the Network Operations Center (NOC) staff enabling them to solve problems quickly.Information Systems ManagerAlcatel USA, Inc - Ashburn, VA-1993 to 1999Operational support of a 250 person hardware and software development department providing 24x7 support of desktop workstations and mission critical business application servers, troubleshooting, needs analysis, systems evaluation, strategic planning and timely business solutions. • Built a cohesive team of systems administrators responsible for over 500 Unix workstations and server with zero turnover for five years. • Planned and executed the computing resource portion of the company's facility move from Reston to Ashburn. Relocated over 1000 desktop computers. Designed the layout of the new facility's data center including power distribution, AC placement, selection and layout of racks, shelving and server organization. Critical servers were up and operational in one day. • Successfully lead the migration of over 300 email clients from a legacy system to current technology. Developed training materials, conducted training sessions and produced user guides. • Conceived and implemented a Solaris desktop management tool utilizing Remedy, Perl and Sun Jumpstart providing asset management, software delivery, event management and problem tracking resulting in a significant reduction in customer request resolution time.Systems Administrator/EngineerHRB Systems, Inc-1985 to 1993Responsible for systems setup, software installation, administration, troubleshooting, planning, scheduling, reporting, and managing user accounts. Provide engineering support by developing and maintaining graphical, physical and simulation libraries used in the design of printed circuit boards. • Established and integration a computer-aided engineering (CAE/ECAD) facility significantly increasing engineering productivity. Solely responsible for all engineering workstations, software, simulation library development and utilities. • Automated administrative tasks such as system backups, configuration management and reporting. • Conducted ECAD tools training sessions for engineers, technicians and draftsmen.EducationBachelor of Science in Electrical EngineeringPennsylvania State UniversityLinkshttp://tinyurl.com/oovkubshttp://www.linkedin.com/in/robcallahanAdditional Information••Technical Summary: Extensive experience in JavaScript, BackboneJS, AngularJS, KnockoutJS and ExtJS; Golang, PHP, Zend, Web Services, ReST, MVC and OO methodologies; CSS, HTML, MySQL, Unix shell scripting, Git &amp; Phing; Chef, RPM and package building; Agile development, Jira, Change Control and CMDB concepts. Working knowledge of AWS, Docker, Python, Perl, Ruby on Rails, Perl, Java, Postgres and Oracle.Email Senior Systems EngineerDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: January 23, 2017©2018 Indeed
Managing Member/OwnerUbuntu Brands LLC - Atlanta, GA-February 2016 to PresentResponsible for customer satisfaction, marketing, order management and fulfillment. Provide training to sales staff.Technical Support Representativej5createSupport via live chat, email, and call ticketing for in house proprietary communication, display, wormhole protocol, and various other peripherals utilizing android, Windows, Mac OSX, and Linux Operating systems. In depth technical support as well as remote access support using Team Viewer. In addition, support provided for Virtual System including but not limited to Virtual Box.General Manager/Account SpecialistComplete Cash - Marietta, GA-March 2015 to June 2016SPECIALIST - THE NETWORKNORCROSS-March 2014 to April 2015Created Highly Detailed Reports from Interviews with Employees from Fortune 500 companiesTechnical Supervisor/Sales - NEX GENERATIONSPRINT PREFERRED-February 2012 to September 2014Driver - KitchenDomino's - Sandy Springs, GA-May 2010 to June 2012Part time, started in kitchen making pizza, sandwiches, bowls. Prepared food for cold and dry storage. Delivery driver.MANAGERBOOST MOBILE - Boston, MA-July 2011 to January 2012JUNE 2006 - FEB 2008Mobile Sales ConsultantBest Buy Mobile - Lithonia, GA-July 2010 to February 2011Non Commissioned Sales and Technical SupportOvernight StockerStop and Shop Supermarket - Attleboro, MA-May 2008 to July 2010Customer Service for overnight guests and stockingCustomer Service LeadLowes - Lithonia, GA-November 2009 to June 2010Credit Application, Customer Service Support, Supervision of Front End, Order and Return Inventory AssistanceAssistant ManagerRadioShack-March 2005 to July 2008Commissioned Sales, Technical Support, Store Management, Supervision and TrainingEducationBachelor in Bachelor of
Business/Applied Sciences: Industrial Organizational PsychologySouthern New Hampshire UniversityAugust 2014 to December 2018SkillsMicrosoft Office (10+ years), Mobile Operating Systems (10+ years), Type 60 Wpm (10+ years), Powerpoint (5 years), Office Management (3 years), Office: Word (10+ years), Management (7 years), Desktop Support (10+ years), Data Entry (10+ years), Time Management (10+ years), Team Player (10+ years), Supervising (6 years), Sales (10+ years), Negotiation (7 years), Customer Service (10+ years), Customer Relationship Management (10+ years), Client Relations (10+ years), Client Management (10+ years)AwardsSales Performance AwardsNamed top performer 6 times for sales performance in the areas of gross profit and conversion. (Certifications/LicensesCompTIA A+CompTIA Network+Email Managing Member/OwnerDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 16, 2018©2018 Indeed
Linux Systems EngineerAscend Learning - Kansas City, MO-September 2017 to Present• 12-man team, nearly 500 Linux servers • Deploy Spacewalk (Satellite) to manage internal repositories and manage patch schedules • Utilize Salt Stack to automate and manage Linux servers • Proof of Concept for DockerLinux Security AdministratorCommerce Bank - Kansas City, MO-January 2017 to September 2017• Full Time Employee, 8-man platform security team • Support of Active Directory users, Linux-AD integration, OS-level security • Roll out of McAfee VirusScan for Linux to 150+ Linux serversAppOps Systems AdministratorUnisys-January 2015 to January 2017• Contractor (Client - GSA), 12-man support team • Support 200+ Linux servers for application support • Monthly OS patching, Linux user management, web application release • Rolled out RHEL6 servers to replace aging Solaris servers, POC for Continuous Integration Deployment (Jenkins, Jira, Confluence, Gitlab)  Linux Systems Administrator • 2-man Linux Team • Supported 50+ production and non-production servers for DBA and development teams • Upgraded from RHEL5 to RHEL6, upgraded Red Hat Satellite (Puppet), and migrated operations to new contract team (SAIC)Linux Systems AdministratorBlueScope Steel-June 2014 to December 2014• Contractor (Client - BlueScope Steel), 7-man infrastructure team • 70+ servers including Redhat AS 4.5, OEL 5.8, and OEL 6.4 • 100+ Windows 2008/2003 servers • Supported DBAs and developers for Oracle 11i Upgrade to R12 • Evaluated Puppet for systems management, hardware/OS upgrades, backup/tape operations, OS patching • Managed Oracle Pillar and Violin SAN storageLinux Systems AdministratorAMC Theatres-October 2011 to June 2014• Full Time, 3-man Linux Administration Team • OS Support for Oracle, OBI, Data Stage, and supporting teams • 80+ production and non-production servers • Ticketing and Wiki system install (Redmine), patching procedure build, Active Directory synchronization, monitoring system install (OpenNMS), assist in DR Site build, assisted in stand up of new NetApp storage arraySystems AdministratorPower IT-April 2011 to October 2011• 6-month contract (Client - Austin Hardware), 2-man infrastructure team • Phone/Email ticket management • Administered 60+ Windows Servers, AD UsersCall Center AnalystTechnisource-December 2010 to April 2011• 3 Month Contract (Client - Blue Cross Blue Shield), 12-man call center • Phone/Email ticket management • Support 100+ Windows 2003/2008 servers • Troubleshoot end user issues on 1,000+ Windows 7 VDI desktopsLinux Systems AdministratorCerner Corporation-July 2009 to September 2010• Full Time, 3-man Linux team • Red Hat Linux Administration and support of DBAs and Oracle RAC • Application release deployment of Confluence, Jive, and Coherence • 40+ production and non-production serversEducationMasters of Science in Computer Information SystemsKeller Graduate School - Kansas City, MOOctober 2014Bachelor of Science in Network Communications ManagementDeVry University - Kansas City, MOJune 2009SkillsLINUX (9 years), RED HAT (8 years), Saltstack (1 year), DevOps (2 years), Vmware (7 years)Linkshttp://linkedin.com/in/erichendrickshttps://github.com/erich1527/https://linuxacademy.com/profile/show/user/name/erich1527Certifications/LicensesRed Hat Certified System AdministratorNovember 2012 to PresentEmail Linux Systems EngineerDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 19, 2018©2018 Indeed
Linux System AdministratorEros Technologies-May 2017 to PresentContractor full time for eSilicon Fabless IC company. Supporting US and Off-Shore Data Center in core technologies like IBM Platform LSF 9.1.2 and EDA software tools installation and Flexnet licensing management. Manage CloudByte storage and fixing infrasructure issues. Administer Citrix XenApp Desktop for remote users application. Resolve daily Data Center trouble tickets through ServicePro ticket systemLinux System Administrator-September 2014 to August 2015Contractor part time for Startup company managing general user administration plus setup Tomcat for XML developer and GIT/Gerrit repository. Setup NIS user for staging development area. Build test black box with varieties of tools from FOSS (free and open source software)Linux System AdministratorSTMicroelectronics, Inc - Santa Clara, CA-April 2009 to March 2014Provided infrastructure support of computer farm consisting of multiple operating systems such as Red Hat Enterprise 5, 6. Solaris 8/9/10 and Ubuntu 12.04 LTS. Maintained NIS/OpenLDAP/DNS environment for Santa Clara site. • Supported Red Hat and Solaris patching/update system software as well as troubleshooting server hardware and identifying root causes • Acting Site Security Officer as part of STM global Infosec team. Maintained network vulnerability scanning and network monitoring tools like Nagios, Zenoss, and Cacti. Perform Perimeter Security check with tools like PRTG/Nessus/Wireshark. Prepare security audit for Santa Clara site. • Built OpenStack private cloud with vendor integrator for ST Ericsson JV Android development projects • Managed ST proprietary version control software HDMS, SVN subversion and ClearCase • Supported Verigy V93K SOC specialty chip testing software SmarTest • Resolved and escalated design regression/verification issues with Remedy ticket system • Maintained Network Appliance Netapp FAS series filers and providing user quota and project disk space allocation as NFS storage of all design groups. • Maintained Red Hat Enterprise 5 Kickstart server and Solaris Jumpstart. Remotely controlled computer farm server with HP iLO, Dell iDRACLinux System AdministratorGenesis Microchip, Inc - Santa Clara, CA-April 2001 to April 2009• Supported both front-end and back-end design environment for both Digital simulation and Analog IC layout • Managed software installation and licensing for Cadence, Mentor, Synopsis, MATLAB, Xilinx and Spyglass. • Maintained EMC Celera and Sun Microsystems StorEdge Array with Veritas volume manager for project data disk space allocation • Supported HP-UX with HP 3000 and support Oracle 9 DBA database backup. • Maintained X-Server software suites such as Reflection, Hummingbird, VNC Enterprise and CitrixUnix System AdministratorSun Microsystems, Inc - Milpitas, CA-1995 to 2000• Handled Sun Jumpstart for high performance server manufacturing line for Sparc Enterprise Sunfire and Netra series servers at WWOPS site • Maintained VideoTest Lab including DSL and Media Center Video product • Troubleshoot networks connectivity using network sniffer protocol Analyzer T-BirdEmail Linux System AdministratorDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: April 2, 2018©2018 Indeed
ParaProfessional / Teacher AideUbuntu Autism - Chelmsford, MA-2018 to PresentChelmsford, MA 230 North Road, Chelmsford, MA 01824 (978) 251-5100 ParaProfessional / Teacher Aide 2018-PresentRespite Worker for a FamilyDr. Franklin Perkins School - Bolton, MA-2017 to PresentBolton, MA 560 Wattaquadock Hill Road, Bolton, MA 01740 (508) 808-3302 Respite Worker 2017-Present • Take client (son) out into the community Residential Counselor Dr. Franklin Perkins School Lancaster, MA 971 Main St, Lancaster, MA 01523 (978) 365-7376ABA TherapistUbuntu Autism - Worcester, MA-May 2018 to June 20182018-Present • Provide adolescent child with ABA servicesResidential CounselorDr. Franklin Perkins School-2017 to 2018Redirected teens and worked on their service plans in a residential settingRespite WorkerDr. Franklin Perkins School-2017 to 20182017-2018 • Toileting a student in a wheel chair and assisting him while he is in drama clubInternDr. Franklin Perkins School - West Boylston, MA-2017 to 2017-2017 • Assisted with office tasks and helped with intakes, groups, and eventsInternSeven Hills Family Service - Fitchburg, MA-2016 to 2016-2016 • Assisted with group events and worked on case loadsInternRobert F Kennedy Action Corporation - Lancaster, MA-2016 to 2016-2016 • Shadowed staff on group sessions to gain experienceRelief WorkerArc of Opportunity - Fitchburg, MA-2015 to 2016Fitchburg, MA 564 Main St, Fitchburg, MA 01420 (978) 502-7767 Residential Relief 2015-2016 • Assisted the residents with their ADL'sGreeter/Order PullerHome Depot - Leominster, MA-2014 to 20152014-2015 • Greeted customers and directed them within the storeEducationB.S. in Human ServicesFitchburg State University2012 to 2017MassPIRG intern for Fitchburg State University2013SkillsABA, Autism, Special Education, Early ChildhoodEmail ParaProfessional / Teacher AideDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 11, 2018©2018 Indeed
Software EngineerNorthrop Grumman-July 2016 to February 2018• Developed web app that tracked performance for agile teams and provided analytics for management • Worked directly with upper management on a daily basis • Worked with data from JIRA API • Deployed software to multiple environments using Docker • Tracked development progress using Rally and Git for version control • Acquired/enhanced experiences using Javascript, Python, Ruby on Rails, Golang, MySQL and MongoDBApplication Developer, Technology Summer Intern ProgramJP Morgan Chase & Co-June 2015 to May 2016• Assisted with the installation of a Hadoop environment • Edited existing code to make it compliant with a security platform used in the companySoftware EngineerUniversity of Delaware-June 2014 to August 2014• Designed and programmed an educational video game to be showcased at the Delaware State Fair. • Managed a team of artists responsible for providing graphics for the game  Skills • Proficient in Javascript, Python, C#, C, C++, Java, Ruby, Golang, Assembly, MySQL, MongoDB, and Excel • Proficient with Linux Shell, Vim, Eclipse, Visual Stuido, Git, JIRA, Rally, VMWare  Relevant Course Work • Data Structures • Machine Organization &amp; Assembly Language • Automata Theory • Computer Architecture • Logic &amp; Programming • Introduction to AlgorithmsEducationB.S. in Computer ScienceUniversity of DelawareAugust 2012 to May 2016SkillsJavascript (3 years), Python (3 years), C# (1 year), C++ (4 years), Java (6 years), Golang (1 year), Excel (8 years), MySQL (3 years), MongoDB (2 years), Ruby (1 year), Ruby on Rails (1 year), Software Development (4 years), JIRA (2 years), Git (3 years), Angular (2 years), Node.JS (2 years), Databases (3 years), Database Management (3 years), HTML (3 years), CSS (2 years), Bootstrap (1 year), Linux (3 years), Windows (10+ years), Mac OS X (8 years), Networking (1 year), Agile (3 years)Email Software EngineerDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 20, 2018©2018 Indeed
Cloud EngineerRAZR Solutions, LLC - Alexandria, VA-January 2017 to PresentRole: AWS RESTful Microservices/Backend Developer Languages: Java, SQL, JavaScript, Python, Golang, Bash Tools: AWS S3, AWS RDS, AWS SQS/SNS, AWS Lambda, AWS GovCloud, Spring Framework, Hibernate, Google Guava, Jersey, Jackson, JAX-RS, JPA, Apache Mesosphere DC/OS, Apache Zeppelin, Docker, Apache Tomcat, Terracotta Quartz, Node.js, Nexus Repository, Swagger UI/Editor, Maven, Gradle, Confluence, JIRA, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Redis, Ehcache, SonarQube, AllegroGraph, Mockito, JUnit, HP Fortify SCA/SSC, Jenkins  Environment: AgileSoftware EngineerNorthrop Grumman Corporation - McLean, VA-January 2016 to January 2017Role: Full Stack Developer Languages: Java, SQL, Javscript, jQuery Tools: HTML, VersionOne, Jenkins, SonarQube, JavaEE, FireBug, Greasemonkey, TortoiseSVN, Oracle SQL Developer, SoapUI, Rational Application Developer (IBM), WebSphere (IBM), Cisco WebEx, Microsoft Lync Environment: AgileScrum Master/Software Engineer InternSt. Jude Children’s Research Hospital - Memphis, TN-January 2015 to May 2015Role: Full Stack Developer Languages: PHP, SQL Tools: HTML, CSS, MySQL, SQLite, Laravel, Vagrant, Homestead Environment: Waterfall/AgileData Analyst InternDepartment of Homeland Security - Memphis, TN-January 2015 to May 2015Role: Big Data Analyst Languages: Python, Bash Tools: Hadoop (Apache), Hortonworks Sandbox, Hadoop User Experience (HUE) Environment: WaterfallData Scientist InternPenguin Computing - Memphis, TN-August 2014 to December 2014Role: Data Model Analyst Languages: C, C++, Bash Tools: Visual Studio, Code::Blocks, GCC/G++, High Performance Computing Cluster Environment: WaterfallLaser Automation EngineerPhoenix Manufacturing Company Inc. - Memphis, TN-July 2012 to July 2014Role: CNC Laser Automator Languages: G-Code Tools: Autodesk, TruTops Mark, CNC Laser Machine Environment: WaterfallQuantitative Analyst InternTVA Student Management Fund - Memphis, TN-January 2014 to May 2014Role: Portfolio Management and Analysis Languages: R, C++ Tools: Visual Studio, Code::Blocks, AmiBroker, RStudio, ShinyApps.io, Systematic Investor Toolbox, Excel, Holt Winters Filtering, ARIMA Model, Neural Networks Model, Polynomial &amp; Linear Generalization Trends, and Mean Absolute Error  Environment: WaterfallEducationB.S. in Computer Science, minor: Mathematical SciencesUniversity of Memphis - Memphis, TNB.A. in Experimental Behavioral NeuroscienceUniversity of Memphis - Memphis, TNSkillsAWS, PythonGroupsAfrican American Task Group2016 to PresentAsian Pacific Professional Network2016 to PresentConnect1NG2016 to PresentGeneration to Generation2016 to PresentgreeNG2016 to PresentNative American Caucus2016 to PresentNorthrop Grumman Womens International Network2016 to PresentOne Adelante2016 to PresentPride In Diversity Alliance2016 to PresentSource for Parenting Resources, Opportunities, Understanding and Teamwork2016 to PresentVeterans, Employees and Reservists Inspired to Act and Serve2016 to PresentVictory Over Impairment & Challenge Enterprise2016 to PresentMobile Community of Practice2016 to PresentCloud Community of Practice2016 to PresentEmail Cloud EngineerDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 7, 2018©2018 Indeed
Software Developer InternMeredith Corporation - New York, NY-February 2018 to May 2018- Created a webpage displaying ads from Google Publisher Tags to test for ad latency. - Used Go, AWS Lambda, and AWS S3 Bucket to build a makeshift WAF implementation to prevent invalid traffic. - Performed debugging and unit testing for makeshift WAF implementation. - Used Vue.js and AWS API Gateway to create a dashboard website that fetched the makeshift WAF implementation. - Created an algorithm that reads a csv file and converts it to a golang file as an array of strings.Quality Assurance InternCommunications LLC - New York, NY-July 2016 to August 2016- Upgraded and downgraded mobile devices using Verizon’s specialize software. - Mobile Quality Assurance for INDYCAR App including smoke testing various Verizon devices to ensure app and device interaction adhere to guidelines and company standards. - Worked with the director of Motorsports to create Standard Operating Procedures at Verizon headquarters to detail a step-by-step guide on Multicast testing for the INDYCAR app. - Managed the IBM MaaS360 app to register all company devices into a storage unit for tracking. - Collected reported crash logs using New Relic monitoring system for INDYCAR live racing events for Developer code analysis. - Traveled on site to Verizon Headquarters in New Jersey to participate in Multicast debug testing. - Maintained confluence documents to track all device results and health check.EducationBachelor of Science in Computer Science in Computer ScienceLehman College - Bronx, NYSeptember 2015 to PresentSkillsCSS (1 year), Eclipse (3 years), HTML (1 year), Java (3 years), go (Less than 1 year), Javascript (1 year), vue.js (Less than 1 year), Python (1 year), node.js (Less than 1 year)Additional InformationCurrently learning React, Android Development, and AIEmail Software Developer InternDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 22, 2018©2018 Indeed
Truck detailer/rust removal/painter/snow plowerBadger Truck Center-September 2013 to December 2017Detail f150s to Semis, delivery of vehicles to customers, rust removal by power tools and then paint the bodies, remove any unwanted equipment left in trucks to be sold, very physical/demanding job,plowing of snow, assembly/disassembly of used/ new body/engine parts and working with fellow employees/customers.Education6months of collegeSkillsExperience with power/hand tools (10+ years), WorkEmail Truck detailer/rust removal/painter/snow plowerDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 21, 2018©2018 Indeed
Director of Financial AidRust College - Holly Springs, MS-January 2017 to Present• Responsible for the management of all student aid funds: state, federal, institutional, and private donors according to the required regulations. • Required to supervise five staff members. • Responsible for compiling and submitting timely reports. Examples include FISAP, IPEDS, SAACS, etc. • Responsible for developing student budgets. • Responsible for ensuring that the financial aid office staff stays abreast of all state, federal, and institutional policies and procedures. • Work closely with the Admissions/Enrollment office to ensure enrollment goals are met each year. • Administer $13 million in financial aid at Rust College • A member of the president’s cabinet. • A member of the default prevention team. • Partnering with First-Year Experience department to implement new event called FAFSA frenzy. During these events we educated students about loans, default, and consequences of default. We also assisted with completing new FAFSA. • Partnering with Vice President of Academic Affairs to create a new academic plan for students to successfully appeal their financial aid, after dismissal. • Implemented new streamline process for financial aid office. • Ensure that all administrative duties for financial aid are performed. Examples include Reapplication for Federal Student Aid, Reporting, etc.Veteran Affairs CoordinatorTennessee College of Applied Technology - Memphis, TN-October 2015 to PresentResponsibilities I coordinate and perform technical administrative work pertaining to specialized veteran programs and services. I meet with students daily to discuss the educational benefits available to veterans, while determining eligibility for the benefit programs. I serve as the designated School Certifying Official for TCAT-Memphis I connect veterans' needs with the institution to ensure satisfactory and comfortability. I serve as an advising counselor to student veterans and others regarding available programs and services.Financial Aid SpecialistTennessee College of Applied Technology - Memphis, TN-May 2015 to PresentResponsibilities I coordinate and award financial aid to eligible recipients. I collect and process documentation required for "verification" of a student's financial aid application. I assist with quarterly reports required by the Department of Education and other federal agencies. I maintain proper records and documentation of financial aid storage. I attend training workshops and conferences in order to learn and stay current on financial aid regulations and processing. I conduct and present at financial aid workshops, during new student orientation, educating new students on our financial aid programs, processes, and procedures. I assist with reconciliation/balancing Title IV aid between the financial aid office and student business services.  Accomplishments I was promoted to Veteran Affairs Coordinator within my first 5 months of working with the company. This was a huge accomplishment for my family and I.Loan CoordinatorHinds Community College - Raymond, MS-May 2014 to May 2015Responsibilities I was responsible for the overall function of the Federal Student Loan Program. I supervised the student loan department, ensuring that the department was working smoothly. I was responsible for all communications with loan applicants regarding the status of their application. I worked closely with other departments to ensure student satisfactory.Transporter/DriverHertz/Dollar Thrifty Corporation - Oxford, MS-June 2013 to May 2014Computer OperatorUniversity of Mississippi - University, MS-October 2011 to April 2014Responsibilities I operated and monitored computer software systems and networks by observing computer or server consoles, media units, and action of auxiliary equipment. I responded to technological software requests, including financial aid. I served as the proxy senior operator, when necessary.Sales AssociateWalmart - Oxford, MS-March 2008 to September 2011Responsibilities I worked to provide excellent customer service, daily. Forklift licensed. I used appropriate techniques to respond to customer or public inquiries. I served as a greeter for customers, as they entered the store.Kitchen ManagerAbner's Famous Chicken Tenders - Oxford, MS-March 2005 to March 2008EducationMA in Higher Education AdministrationUniversity of Mississippi - University, MS2013 to 2015B.S. in Exercise ScienceUniversity of Mississippi - University, MS2007 to 2011SkillsFinancial Planning, Financial AidEmail Director of Financial AidDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 19, 2018©2018 Indeed
Linux System AdministratorData Services Inc - Bear, DE-August 2015 to April 2018• Monitor and provide daily report on system performance • Linux system administration to include systems management, backup, storage management, user management and 24/7 support of Linux testing and production environment (Red Hat Enterprise Server, Cent OS, KVM and VMware) • Installation and configuration of Linux or RedHat Operating Systems and (Windows OS), • Install, configuration and setup of NAGIOS monitoring tool • Professional experience with using configuration tool like Active Directory • Redhat system hardening ( run level, password, Grub menu password, Selinux) • Manage user accounts and permission • Patching (upgrading) of UNIX/Linux servers and LINUX Kernel upgrade and compilation • Practical knowledge of Bash scripting • Setting up Redhat, CentOS to communicate in a LAN. • Troubleshooting with the team &amp; taking long off hours troubleshooting calls for customer satisfaction • System monitoring and log management • Scheduling configuration using CRONJOB • Creating and resizing of Logical Volumes (LVM) for Linux operating system • Volume manager; installed and configured a LAN wide NAS (Free NAS) used for creating LUNs • Install and configure samba server • Familiar with Version Control tools for deployments such as bitbucket &amp; GitHub • Professional experience with networking principles including networking protocols, ports, and firewalls • Professional experience of Web Applications, Apache, IIS and Databases • Acquired knowledge working with team on development and implementation of AWS • At the administrative level, install and configures application and services • Professional experience with CI/CD tools such as Jenkins, Nexus, Ansible • Professional experience working with server virtualization (VMWare) • Professional experience and understanding balancing conceptLinux System Administrator9 Solution Inc. (Client-Base) - Largo, MD-May 2015 to June 2016• Installation, maintenance, Administration and troubleshooting of Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6 and 7. * Monitor and provide daily reports on system performance * Installation and configuration method using Kick-start * Troubleshoot and resolve software and hardware problems, collaborate with vendors and provide technical supported to resolve problems and work with other technical staff on supporting their needs * Perform scheduled patching and tuning of enterprise OS * Monitors security logs to determine security problems * Creates new file systems and troubleshoot for errors * Provides access to privileged users * Create documents temporary or permanent and permissions on several systems for teams and vendors * Schedule Cron jobs to run during non-peak hours, such as overnight, to avoid service disruption * Respond to security alerts with risk evaluation and monitoring report on unauthorized access attempts * Optimize system performance by tracking daily system utilization, to determine if problems are imminent • Create and manage user accounts, security &amp; disk space in CentOS and Red Hat • Collaborate with senior engineering and support teams in resolving escalating issues. • Monitoring system performance, alert logs, Disk and CPU utilization using Rsyslog, Nagios, and Splunk • Configurations and hardening of Linux servers, evaluating the needs and installing appropriate recommended patches as needed. • Experience with Enterprise X86 server hardware maintenance • Work with DevOps operations processes and tools • Professional experience DevOps and Version Control System Tools: Bitbucket &amp; GitHub • Working in a fast paced environment with thousand of servers • Maintain and troubleshoot network connectivity, process and system or application issues • Managing system processes and scheduling automation with CRONTAB tool • Working in collaboration with different team to be able to have successful releases and productionAccount ManagerSallieMae Inc - Newark, DE-February 2012 to September 2015Account Manager, SallieMae Inc. Managed student loan accounts and implemented company strategies and policies for repayments, Programs, loan approval and made decisions in the interest of the company and customers. I was responsible for high volume of Student Loans accounts totaling close to $10,000,000.00 and secured client's payments over $150.000.00 a month. Provided comprehensive customer services making sure customers were satisfied before I ended a call. I always achieved weekly and monthly goals as set by management.SkillsLINUX (3 years), NAGIOS (3 years), RED HAT (3 years), APACHE (2 years), IIS (2 years)Additional InformationAREAS OF EXPERTISE ❖ Platform: RedHat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) 6/7 ❖ Installation, Configuration &amp; Upgrading ❖ Deployment, Monitoring &amp; Security Solutions ❖ System Backup &amp; Restoration ❖ Linux-base OS &amp; Virtual Environment ❖ Storage Management ❖ Development &amp; Production Knowledge ❖ Network Protocols:TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP ❖ Data Center Migration &amp; consolidation ❖ Automation &amp; Configuration Tools: Ansible, ❖ Technical Support System  TECHINCAL SKILLS • Software: Linux/Unix, Windows Software • Platforms: Red Hat Enterprise Linux, CentOS 6/7, Windows8, VMware virtual • Database: MYSQL, ORACLE • Monitoring Tools: Nagios, Splunk &amp; Rsyslog • Security: Iptables/Firewall, TCP Wrapper, SELINUX • Web-server Knowledge: Apache, IIS • Configuration Tools: Ansible, &amp; AD • DevOps Tools Concepts &amp; Collaboration Knowledge  References are available upon requestEmail Linux System AdministratorDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 18, 2018©2018 Indeed
NATIONAL PROJECTS SALES MANGER, STADIUM GROUPRust-Oleum - Vernon Hills, IL-1999 to 2018VERNON HILLS, IL 1999-2018 Founded over 90 years ago, Rust-Oleum produces the highest quality, labor savings coatings. Their parent company is RPM International. NATIONAL PROJECTS SALES MANGER, STADIUM GROUP: WESTERN US • Promoted into the position by the Senior Vice President of Industrial Sales.to launch the start-up division. I targeted professional sport teams and colleges, that concentrated on NFL, MLB, Arena's, Stadium's, Ballpark's. I developed marketing plans and programs, case histories, P&amp;L statements, financial goals, vetted and secured our contractors for new construction and cap x projects as well as normal maintenance at the existing facilities. My team worked with all Rust-Oleum's departments to set up a cohesive selling and billing process • Initiated a relationship with MLB: Our Team then was invited to participate in FESTOPS at the MLB meetings with the Senior Level MLB Teams Management, every year. (Fan Experience, Security and Operations)  407 Prairie Grass Court: Hartland, WI 53029 1-661-713-9899 jamesureda@gmail.com  • Initiated a relationship with the Insurance carrier for MLB, to provide anti-slip coatings to all 30 MLB Teams; therefore. lowering slip and falls at the ballparks, thus, lowering each team's insurance premiums. • Recent project margins: 59.7 % • Recent projects: Direct margins exceeded 45% KEY ACCOUNT SALES MANAGER: CA/NV/WA/OR/ID Worked with key paint manufactures to successfully increase Rust-Oleum's market share. I worked with owners, procurement, marketing departments, store managers, inside and outside sales staff and their sales managers. Key accounts were: Kelly Moore, Rodda Paint, Miller Paint, Frazee Paint and Vista Paint. • Sales Exceeded $12M in 2015 (Grew by 34% in 2015) • Presidents Club: 2013 and 2015. • Salesman of the Year: 2013 • SSPC Project of the year: 2015 (Oakland Bay Bridge) REGIONAL SALES MANGER: NATIONAL ACCOUNTS: AK/WA/OR/CA/AZ/HI Successfully worked with key National MRO Accounts; selling B2B, to grow Rust-Oleum's market share. Key accounts were Grainger, Fastenal, Applied, Motion Industries. I worked to drive 500 sellers, 100 Sales Managers, 12 Regional VP's, • Completed two large projects on Midway Island, after being vetted and approved by the Fish and Wildlife committee, that potentially saved 1.5 Albatross from lead poisoning. 407 Prairie Grass Court: Hartland, WI 53029 1-661-713-9899 Jamesureda@gmail.com  • After a two-year process, I was awarded the CAL STEEL complete re paint project using 0 VOC Coatings. The total value was $4M+ • Quota Buster Award Winner all years for driving sales over plan REGIONAL SALES MANGER: GRAINGER DEDICATED: WA/OR/CA/AZ/UT/HI/NM/ID I worked solely with Grainger. I had the responsibility to grow their Rust-Oleum sales: I achieved this by training the inside staff as well all their outside sales force and closing critical business. I had the responsibility of over 250 reps and their mangers and Regional Vice Presidents. Participated at Grainger's National Sales Meeting every year Made video's on how to close opportunities (SAM) FED EX LAX • Executed largest NOXYDE project in the US. Sold FED EX LAX $1.2M Saved FED EX over 65% of the total project cost. • I became Grainger GVA Certified at Grainger's Head Quarters. • Vendor of the year (AZ, NM) REGIONAL SALES MANAGER: KEY PAINT STORES: CA/NV/NE/OK/AZ/NM/CO I had complete corporate responsibility for paint manufactures in seven states. 162 sales reps., 160 store managers, 30 upper management and 5 owners'. I worked with each manufacture to develop and mange all facets of strategic growth. Managed these key accounts for pricing, profitability, margin growth, promotions, and sales growth, 407 Prairie Grass Court: Hartland, WI 53029 1-661-713-9899 Jameureda@gmail.com  • I grew Vista Paint (50 Stores) from $250k to over $2.4M and increased my margins by over 4% • Presidents Club award winner: 2002, 2005 • Salesman of the year: 2002. For the Industrial Division • Pioneer Award Winner for new product sales: 2005 (Sierra Performance (O VOC) DISTRICT SALES MANGER: CENTRAL COAST OF CA I had the responsibility for all Rust-Oleum's Distribution partners in this geographic area, including BIG BOX STORES. I opened twelve new distributors and increased sales by over $500k. I worked with the existing and new distributors to make joint end user sales calls. • Introduced Sierra Performance Coatings (0 VOC) to Vista Paint: Resulted in $350K new sales • I opened Dunn Edwards Their sales eventually exceeded $12M Ameron: Technical Field Sales Representative Sherwin Williams: Industrial Maintenance RepresentativeEducationBSBANorth Dakota State University - Fargo, NDSkillsMICROSOFT OFFICE (Less than 1 year), MS OFFICE (Less than 1 year), NACE (Less than 1 year), WORD (Less than 1 year)Additional InformationSKILLS: • integrity Selling RPM Microsoft Office • Salesforce Word • Power Point PROFFESIONAL ORGANIZATION • SSPC • SMA: Stadium Managers Association • IAVM: International Association of Venue Management • NACE: Ventura, CA ChapterEmail NATIONAL PROJECTS SALES MANGER, STADIUM GROUPDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 20, 2018©2018 Indeed
ansible, puppet and chef, recipe composition and deploymentUbuntu, RedHat-2012 to 2012freedbsd, Gentoo, windows server 2012, AIX, HPUX, Solaris • Networking: Juniper, Cisco Routers/Switches/firewalls CSR, ASR, ASA • Protocols: DNS, DHCP, HTTP, HTTPS, TCP, NFS, SSL, SSH, SAN, SOAP, FTP, SMTP, VPN • DevTools: Jenkins, maven, CruiseControl, Perforce, GIT, Rally, Jira, buildbot • Virtualization: AWS, Docker, IaaS, SaaS, BDaaS, LBaaS Openstack, VMWare, HyperV, VirtualBox, Solaris Zones, VMware, Citrix Xen, LPAR, VPAR, VIOS, storage, metapod • Config Management: ansible, puppet and chef, recipe composition and deployment • PKI creation and maint • Terraform deployment automation • Scripting: perl, bash, KSH, Python, Jython, Jruby, Ruby, ansible • Perforce/Git: administration, users, recovery, revisions, updates, changelists, signatures, typemaps, proxies, flags, server volumes, webui, migrations, remote depots • CEPH: Setting up, mkcephfs, ceph.keyring, admin key, authtool, ceph.conf, ceph, make, monitors, daemons, osd's, crush's, paxos, quorum's, disk failure's, ceph-disk-prepare, ceph-disk-activate, upstart, bootstrap's  Full profile on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/artlee1EducationAssociateLinkshttps://www.linkedin.com/in/artlee1Email ansible, puppet and chef, recipe composition and deploymentDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 13, 2018©2018 Indeed
Student ConsultantRoskilde Festival - Roskilde, DK-August 2017 to December 2017Roskilde, Denmark, June Created a 6 video series using Premiere Pro for UbuntuMarketing ChairThe Copenhagen Post, English-news-July 2017 to December 2017source, Produced social media (Facebook, Instagram, Copenhagen, Denmark, January 2017 - May Snapchat), and created print publicity 2017 Attended the National Association for Campus Wrote articles, reviews, previews and listings, Activities (NACA) conference to book acts and to proofread articles, researched upcoming network with agents and other collegesStudent Union Board - Philadelphia, PA-2017 to July 2017Google - Haverford, PA-2017 to 2017Pumpehuset - Copenhagen, DK-September 2016 to December 2016ACTIVITES/VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE Created a print and video ad campaign for The The Hawk Newspaper, Summer Scholars, SJU Blogs, Jeffrey List, a free ticket membership site for 1851 Entertainment, Radio 1851, Philadelphia Film Festival, the music venue Winter Immersion Program, Collegiate ChallengeVice PresidentDanish Institute for Study Abroad-January 2016 to August 2016online using Wordpress Planned and executed a carnival for 3,000 people, while in charge of a 10-person committee, served as a Danish Institute for Study Abroad, mentor for the executive board and attended NACAPromotions AssistantDanish Institute for Study Abroad - London-January 2016 to August 2016the future of new media, collaboration, and Assisted with planning, organizing and executing live communities in Europe music events and contacted sponsors/vendorsLate Night ChairCopenhagen, DK-December 2014 to December 2015EducationBachelor of Arts in CommunicationsSaint Joseph's University - Philadelphia, PAFebruary 2018 to May 2018Email Student ConsultantDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: May 30, 2018©2018 Indeed
Python DeveloperNVIDIA Corporation - Santa Clara, CA-July 2016 to PresentResponsibilities: • Responsible for gathering requirements, system analysis, design, development, testing and deployment. • Developed tools using Python, Shell scripting, XML to automate some of the menial tasks. Interfacing with supervisors, artists, systems administrators and production to ensure production deadlines are met. • Developed Business Logic using Python on Django Web Framework. • Designed and developed the UI of the website using HTML, AJAX, CSS and JavaScript. • Designed and developed data management system using MySQL. • Developed Business Logic using Python on Django Web Framework. • Write scripts using python modules and its libraries to develop programs that improve processing of access requests • Used JQuery and Ajax calls for transmitting JSON data objects between frontend and controllers. • Involved in building database Model, APIs and Views utilizing Python, in order to build an interactive web-based solution. • Used Python based GUI components for the front-end functionality such as selection criteria, created test harness to enable comprehensive testing utilizing Python. • Used Amazon Web Services (AWS) for improved efficiency of storage and fast access. • Added support for Amazon AWS S3 and RDS to host static/media files and the database into Amazon Cloud. Involved in front end and utilized Bootstrap and Angular.js for page design. • Created Data tables utilizing PyQt to display customer and policy information and add, delete, update customer records. • Used JQuery and Ajax calls for transmitting JSON data objects between frontend and controllers. • Involved in building database Model, APIs and Views utilizing Python, to build an interactive web-based solution. • Used Python based GUI components for the front-end functionality such as selection criteria, Created test harness to enable comprehensive testing utilizing Python. • Used Amazon Web Services (AWS) for improved efficiency of storage and fast access. • Added support for Amazon AWS S3 and RDS to host static/media files and the database into Amazon Cloud. • Involved in front end and utilized Bootstrap and Angular.js for page design.  Environment: Python, Django, Shell Scripting, AWS, Pandas, PyQt, PyQuery, Wireshark, Flash, DOM, JSON, PHP, HTML5, CSS3, AJAX, JavaScript, Angular.js, Bootstrap, Apache Web Server, MYSQL, GitHub, LINUX.Python DeveloperCaliber Home Loans - Irving, TX-January 2015 to June 2016Description: Caliber Home Loans, Inc. is a full-service national mortgage lender and agency direct seller/servicer. Caliber originates loans through various channels and transaction types, including a network of retail branches, wholesale and correspondent lending, and a consumer-direct. Mission: We are dedicated to preserving the entrepreneurial spirit of a mortgage bank while ensuring the necessary operational controls to originate and service quality loans and create a company with longevity.  Responsibilities: • Used Wireshark, live http headers, and Fiddler debugging proxy to debug the Flash object and help the developer create a functional component. • Used Pandas API to put the data as time series and tabular format for east timestamp data manipulation and retrieval. Having very good experience with BIG DATA • Created Business Logic using Python to create Planning and Tracking functions • Created UI Screens for initiation and validation. • Worked on UI using HTML5, CSS3 and Java Scripts. • Developed multi-threaded standalone app in Python and PHP to view performance. • Used Pandas library for statistical Analysis. • Used Pandas API to put the data as time series and tabular format for east timestamp data manipulation and retrieval. Having very good experience with BIG DATA • Created Business Logic using Python to create Planning and Tracking functions • Created UI Screens for initiation and validation. Worked on UI using HTML5, CSS3 and Java Scripts. • Developed multi-threaded standalone app in Python and PHP to view performance. • Skilled in using collections in Python for manipulating and looping through different user defined objects. • Deployment of application on Web logic 8.1 for testing and development team. • Validate test content in Emulation for SoC Display Controller. • Associated with development of Web Services using SOAP for sending and getting data from the external interface in the XML format. • Involved in preparing technical design document. • Expertise in Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) and its related technologies like Web Services, BPEL, WSDLs, SOAP, XML, XSD, XSLT etc. • Designed Cassandra schema for the APIs. Used Connect SOAP rule to fetch the Webservices. • Used SOAP UI to test the external service. • Used JIRA for project tacking and Involved in testing the application. • Participated in the complete SDLC process and used PHP to develop website functionality. • Version control using GitHub. Involved in writing stored procedures using MySQL.  Environment: Python 3.x, Django 1.8, Shell Scripting, AWS, Pandas, PyQt, PyQuery, Wireshark, Flash, DOM, JSON, PHP, HTML5, CSS3, AJAX, JavaScript, Angular.js, Bootstrap, Apache Web Server, MYSQL, GitHub, LINUX.Python DeveloperRichardson, TX-November 2013 to December 2014Description: CVS is an American retail Pharmacy and Health care company. It Includes CVS Pharmacy, CVS Caremark and CVS Specialty. CVS Health provides evidence-based healthcare solutions in the areas of Radiology, Radiation Therapy, Cardiology, Lab Management, Oncology, Pain Management and Sleep Management. Exports Services is a platform composed of over 30 products that range from UI, Web Services, Windows Services, and Database Systems. The day to day maintenance for these platforms entrails building new database scripts, creating new web services, implementing new customers onto the platform, and enhancing existing products.  Responsibilities: • Involved in preparing engineering specification with OOA and OOD. • Used Rational Rose Enterprise to develop Use Case diagrams, Class diagrams, Collaboration and Sequence Diagrams, State Diagrams, Data Modeling. • Developed application logic using Python, Jython, and Java script. • Used JMS for updating Mailing plans and tracking them. • Implemented front end for third party Web service using JQuery, HTML, AJAX, JSON and JavaScript. • Used Java Server Pages for content layout and presentation with Jython. • Developed the frontend for interaction by using the Django framework. • Worked with version controlling system CVS and SVN. • Created Data layer in MYSQL. • Extracted and loaded data using Python scripts and PL/SQL packages. • Used Pandas library for statistical Analysis. • Developed tools using Python, Shell scripting, XML to automate some of the menial tasks. • Working in team of Architects and Developers to build and deploy Python Flask Peewee Linux AWS. • Version control using GITHub. • Involved in writing stored procedures using MySQL. • Interfacing with supervisors, artists, systems administrators and production to ensure production deadlines are met. • Developed tools using Python, Shell scripting, XML to automate some of the menial tasks. • Working in team of Architects and Developers to build and deploy Python Flask Peewee Linux AWS. • Supported Java application for Media portal management. • Debugging and testing of the applications &amp; fine-tuning performance. Provided maintenance support in production environment. • Implemented DAO database access objects.  Environment: Java, Python 2.7, PHP, Django, CVS, JavaScript, HTML/CSS, MYSQL, PL/SQL, JDBC, UNIX Shell Scripting, Red Hat Linux, Web Logic Application Server.Python DeveloperCA Technology's (India)-December 2010 to October 2013Description: CA Technologies, formerly known as Computer Associates International, Inc. and CA, Inc., is an American multinational publicly held corporation headquartered in New York City. It ranks as one of the largest independent software corporations in the world. The company creates systems software (and previously applications software) that runs in mainframe, distributed computing, virtual machine and cloud computing environments.  Responsibilities: • Used Python scripts to update content in the database and manipulate files. • Generated Python Django Forms to record data of online users. • Used Python and Django creating graphics, XML processing, data exchange and business logic implementation. • Used PHP as an HTML embedded scripting language, in front end web development. • Developed tools using Python, Shell scripting, XML to automate some of the menial tasks. • Carried out various mathematical operations for calculation purpose using python libraries. • Built various graphs for business decision making using Python matplotlib library. • Fetched twitter feeds for certain important keyword using python-twitter library. • Used Python Library Beautiful Soup for webscrapping.ss. • Performed troubleshooting, fixed and deployed many Python bug fixes of the two main applications that were a main source of data for both customers and internal customer service team. • Implement code in python to retrieve and manipulate data. • Used Django configuration to manage URLs and application parameters. • Also used Bootstrap as a mechanism to manage and organize the html page layout. • Designed and developed the UI of the website using HTML, XHTML, AJAX, CSS, JQuery, JSON and JavaScript. • Used Bootstrap as a mechanism to manage and organize the html page layout. • Used Django configuration to manage URLs and application parameters.  Environment: MySQL, HTML, Python 2.0, Django 1.4, CSS, XML, MySQL, JavaScript, Linux, Shell Scripting, PHP, AJAX.Software DeveloperZyro Technology's (India)-June 2008 to November 2010Responsibilities: • Involved in the entire lifecycle of the projects including Design, Development, Testing and Implementation and Support. • Performed troubleshooting, fixed and deployed Python bug fixes of the two main applications that were the main source of data for both customers and internal customer service team. • Created Business Logic using Python 2.7. • Used Python and Django to interface with the jQuery UI and manage the storage and deletion of content. • Worked on developing internal testing tools written in Python. • Used Django configuration to manage URLs and application parameters. • Performed client-side validations using JavaScript and server-side validations using Django. • Used Python and Django to interface with the jQuery UI and manage the storage and deletion of content. • Designed and developed the UI using HTML, AJAX, CSS, and JavaScript. • Managed large datasets using Pandas data frames and MySQL. • Rewrite existing modules into Python to deliver certain format of data. • Wrote and executed various MYSQL database queries from Python using Python-MySQL connector and MySQL dB package. • Embedded AJAX in UI to update small portions of the web page avoiding the need to reload the entire page. • Created most important Business Rules which are useful for the scope of project and needs of customers. • Created database using SQLite, wrote several queries to extract data from the database. • Involved in development of Web Services using SOAP for sending and getting data from the external interface in the XML format. • Generated interactive dashboards using tableau. • Build SQL queries for performing various CRUD operations. • Used Jenkins for automation of build process and coordinated deployments across different sites. • Developed GUI using webapp2 for dynamically displaying the test block documentation and other features of Python code using a web browser. • Built development environment with JIRA and SVN.  Environment: Python, Django, Pandas, HTML5, CSS, XML, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, Eclipse, Linux, SVN, MySQL, Apache.EducationBachelor'sSkillsAJAX (10+ years), DJANGO (10+ years), LINUX (10+ years), MYSQL (10+ years), PYTHON (10+ years)Additional InformationTechnical Skills:  Frameworks: Django, Spark, web2py, pyramid, Flask, Struts, pylons and CSS Bootstrap  Technologies: HTML, CSS, DOM, SAX, Java Script, JQuery, AJAX, XML, Angular JS Programming Languages: C, C++, Python-3.5 &amp; 2.7, Java, SQL and PL/SQL. Python Libraries: Python, Django, Flask, Beautiful Soup, httplib2, Jinja2, HTML/CSS, Bootstrap, jQuery, Numpy, matPlotLib, Pickle, PySide, Scipy, wxPython, PyTables, pdb Version Control: GIT (GitHub), SVN, CVS, Bitbucket. Databases: Oracle, MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, IDE's/ Development Tools: Android Studio, Py Charm, and Sublime Text. Application Tools: Net Beans, Eclipse (SE, EE, Android), Visual Studio, MySQL Web Services: AWS, Rackspace Cloud, Amazon S3  Operating Systems: Windows, Red hat Linux, MAC OSX. Protocols: TCP/IP, HTTP/HTTPS, SOAP, SNMP, SMTP, REST. Deployment Tools: Heroku, Jenkins Tracking Tools: Bugzilla and JIRA.  Methodologies: Agile, Scrum and WaterfallEmail Python DeveloperDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 4, 2018©2018 Indeed
Linux AdministratorTecomGroup - Melbourne, FL-January 2018 to June 2018Qligent Vision project ) • Docker containers using Ansible. Git. • BASH/Shell scripting. • Ubuntu Server. Tomcat, Jetty.Linux AdministratorMegaFon - Nizhny Novgorod,RU-September 2016 to November 2017Mobile company) • BASH/Shell scripting (grep, awk, sed, sort, arrays and etc). • Writing Ansible playbooks (YAML). • Installing, configuring packages, deploying and supporting and troubleshooting new releases of billing system with multi cluster platform (Tomcat, Karaf, Zookeeper, NGINX, HAproxy, Oracle) using Ansible. • Networking manegent using ping, nc, traceroute, tcpdump. • Monitoring software and system performance using Grafana, SNMP. Splunk. • Experience wich RHEL, Git, GitLab, Jira, Confluence. • Performance tuning Java App - Tomcat/Karaf.Linux AdministratorArtmebius - Nizhny Novgorod,RU-December 2013 to February 2016Web studio and hosting) • Installing and administrated web hosting WHM/cPanel on CentOS, CloudLinux, Ubuntu. • Network security. Iptables. Tcpdump. Using anti-malware scan scripts. • BASH/Shell scripting. Created Shell Scripts for automation of many routine processes. • Made Git hooks for automatically deploying projects on the web. • Installing KVM, ESXi/VM. • Performance tuning CentOS 6/7 SysV(perf, HugePages, numactl), SystemD (systemctl) • Configured and deployed Postfix, Exim, Apache, NGNIX, Squid, MySQL. SSHFS, SFTP, DNS. • MySQL administration on the LAMP. • PC hardware/softwareSystem Engineer/Network AdministratorNIMB - Nizhny Novgorod,RU-September 2006 to November 2012higher education institution) • Installing, configuring and administrated PDC, DNS, DHCP, Samba, Apache, FTP, MySQL, Squid, Tftp • Using SLES10, Network Storage (FreeNAS), Ubuntu. • Configure PDC (openLDAP) on Ubuntu • Worked with server hardware, changing the configuration of HP servers/hardware troubleshooting. • Configured Cisco 4500 and Linksys switches. LAN(local area network), VLAN management. • pfSense firewall installing and configuration. • Compiled packets from source code (configure, dependencies, ldd, make, cmake, install). • Supporting 500 + MS Windows XP, 2000, printers. PC hardware troubleshooting.EducationBA in Statistics and InformaticsMoscow State University of EconomicsLobachevsky State UniversitySkillsSystem Administrator, Linux, System Admin, Active Directory, VmwareEmail Linux AdministratorDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 22, 2018©2018 Indeed
IT DepartmentClique Here LLC - Conyers, GA-January 2018 to PresentManage and maintain hardware; Manage and troubleshoot network and computer systems; Edit python scripts; run Ubuntu server; run Windows Server 2012 r2IT DepartmentNisshinbo - Covington, GA-January 2018 to PresentDevelop software (mainly in C# and VB.net); P2V Virtualization; Setup Nagios CoreIT Department InternPiedmont Rockdale Hospital - Conyers, GA-August 2017 to PresentManage and maintain hardware; Install network and computer systems; Communicate with employees to determine system needs; Deploy and reimage systemsEducationNetworking - Computer Science ProgrammingRockdale College and Career Academy - Conyers, GAAugust 2016 to May 2018High School DiplomaHeritage High School - Conyers, GAAugust 2014 to May 2018Linkshttp://donsnetwork.comAwardsLevel 2 - Networking FundamentalsApril 2018Awarded for being top in my class at Rockdale College and Career AcademyCertifications/LicensesCompTIA Network+April 2018 to April 2021CompTIA A+April 2018 to April 2021CompTIA IT FundamentalsAugust 2017 to Present98-367 Security Fundamentals
MTAApril 2018 to Present98-366 Network Fundamentals MTAMarch 2018 to Present98-349 Windows OS Fundamentals MTAApril 2018 to Present98-383 HTML and CSS MTAApril 2018 to PresentCisco Networking EssentialsApril 2018 to PresentCisco NDG Linux EssentialsApril 2018 to PresentCisco NDG Linux UnhatchedDecember 2017 to PresentEmail IT DepartmentDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 22, 2018©2018 Indeed
Co-founder and Head of EngineeringAgrarian Labs-September 2014 to PresentTeam member which became SXSW finalist in the Enterprise and Smart Data category. ● Member of the executive leadership team. Involved in recruiting, strategic planning and being the technical lead of the engineering team. ● Contributor and core developer to patent-pending technology: https://bit.ly/2LmiJ5A ● Co-organizer of the North Austin Golang Meetup.(Consulting), Senior EngineerMomentumSI-April 2014 to August 2014Built Linux container management system using Go, NSQ, Docker and the ELK stack ● Contributed documentation and Docker images to the NSQ project.Senior EngineerVubeology-October 2013 to April 2014Created an advertising module for a video streaming platform. Response times for serving advertisements are in the 10-millisecond range in production. This robust and highly scalable module was built with Go. ● Created a Map-Reduce module for aggregating metrics data. ● Created an application to simulate user behavior. The application was designed to find bugs which would appear only after a long period of time.Senior EngineerGazillion Entertainment-July 2011 to October 2013Created REST API for Steam and Topps which required fast response times and high throughput. The API was built with Go, the Revel Framework and MongoDB. ● Advocated Test Driven Development by creating PHPUnit and Selenium test suites. ● Redesigned Magento features for exponential gains in speed and reduction of LoC. Rewrote previous custom features of Magento such as authentication, game currency transaction and coupon redemption to custom PHP and Go applications.EngineerVarious Startups-June 2007 to July 2011Companies worked for: Kalexo, ScribeJive, Inertia Beverage Group, LeadClick Media. ● Improved software installation and client response times through use of virtual products. ● Guaranteed product stability through white and black box testing. ● Increased revenue by implementing SEO and SEM best practices. ● Doubled site traffic in less than three months. ● Reduced technical delivery times to meet business needs. ● Increased customer satisfaction by providing technical support and maintaining more than 200 websites. ● Decreased delivery times tenfold via automated background processes. ● Met project deadlines by managing and mentoring consultants.EngineerSun Microsystems-May 2001 to May 2007Most billable consultant for two consecutive quarters. ● Acted as a sales engineer for multiple sales efforts. ● Shortened data migration times of large data sets for clients using custom ETL tools. ● Implemented solutions for Sun IDM clients including The Hartford and Bank of America. ● Configured and customized content management systems which included Vignette, Sun IDM, and custom applications.EngineerDeloitte Consulting-September 2000 to March 2001Created standards for a development team, promoting code uniformity and debugging efficiency.EngineerXpedior-February 2000 to August 2000Fine tune SQL statements to improve application performance. ● Created "Advisor Pages" which gave SEARS customers advice on products and services.EducationBS in Computer ScienceStony Brook University - New York, NYDecember 1999Linkshttp://www.linkedin.com/in/rexposadashttps://github.com/rexposadasEmail Co-founder and Head of EngineeringDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 4, 2018©2018 Indeed
iOS EngineerSwiftEngine - New York, NY-June 2017 to Present• Startup based in LA, Swift onto the server side. • Skills: Swift, C, golang, Linux/Ubuntu, Git, AWS  Pointer -- New York, NY iOS Engineer (Contractor) • Pointer is a dating application based in NewYork • Leading the migration from swift 2.3 to 4.0 • Fixed Crashes &amp; bugsFreelance & ContractorShipMi - Brooklyn, NY-December 2016 to PresentA package delivery services to various Caribbean Islands, its concept application is found onto the Apple StoreIndependent and FreelanceAWS or NodeJs - Brooklyn, NY-August 2014 to Present• Building RESTFul API using AWS or NodeJs + Express • Building iOS apps or Frameworks using Swift • Recently Building Android Apps using KotliniOS Developer (Contractor)Appital Mobile - New York, NY-April 2018 to May 2018Lead the migration for mid size app from swift 2.0 to swift 4.1VolunteerTry Swift NYC Conference - New York, NY-September 2017 to September 2017- September 2017 ● Aiding in various ways in order to create enjoyable and pleasant atmosphere for developers (different background and countries) who are participating in this conference.Computer Science TutorCUNY York College - Queens, NY-September 2014 to 2016Developing ways to effectively assist students to understand computer programming concepts such as Introduction to Programming, and Data Structures in C++EducationBachelor in Computer ScienceCUNY York College - Queens, NY2013 to 2016SkillsAPI (3 years), C++ (2 years), AWS (Less than 1 year), Git (Less than 1 year), LINUX (Less than 1 year)Linkshttp://www.linkedin.com/in/lamour-butcherAdditional InformationTechnical Skills  ● HTML, CSS, Swift, Objective-C, C++/ C, JavaScript (Node.js), Haskell, Kotlin, RxSwift, RxKotlin RxAndroid, MongoDB, AWS DynamoDB, Realm, SQL, Core Data, Firebase, AWS EC2, AWS ELB, AWS Codedeploy, AWS Lambda, AWS API Gateway, AWS Elasticache, AWS S3, Google Cloud Functions, Jenkins Fastlane, Git, Mocha, Stripe, Braintree, Ubuntu &amp; Linux.Email iOS EngineerDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: May 25, 2018©2018 Indeed
Linux EngineerGeneral Dynamics Information Technology-June 2015 to PresentSupervisor: Paul Hammond SSBI equivalent completed 1/01/16 3211 Jermantown Road Fairfax, VA 22030 Enterprise / AWS cloud applications, Web Java (JBOSS), DNS, and SQL server monitoring of a very large datacenter. Tasks including: engineering support, infrastructure maintenance, and troubleshooting using network management and SNMP tools including HP Operations Manager, Network Node Manager (NNMi), Splunk, CitraTest, AppDynamics, OpenNMS, Teamworks, &amp; VMware. Analysis of Linux SYSLOG log files using search &amp; filter tools (via Splunk &amp; Linux commands). Troubleshooting applications servers including Windows and Linux enterprise application servers, such as Microsoft Exchange, Apache, IIS, Web Java (JBOSS) servers, Web servers, specialized applications servers, and databases such as MS SQL &amp; MySQL. Special projects &amp; tasks including adjusting Sitescope monitor parameters, coordinating testing of applications servers and configurations with Puppet, testing Web servers with failover capability during Infoblox deployment, resolving DNS issues, troubleshooting remote access &amp; mail delivery issues, working with the security team to open the firewall for applications, &amp; working with the storage team for issues involving VMware &amp; Linux KVM / RHEV.Systems Engineer IIGeneral Dynamics Advanced Information Systems - Chantilly, VA-February 2013 to May 201420151, Supervisor: Andis ( Andy ) Srader, Tim Fritsch Desktop Engineering; Full lifecycle software and operating system packaging and deployment via SCCM 2007 &amp; 2012 including from system investigation and analysis to testing, documentation, O&amp;M including tier III support, and evaluation including MS Windows Server 2012 R2, &amp; 2016. Windows 7 operating system analysis &amp; design included associated hardware integration, &amp; device driver compatibility testing, building a .WIM image, WMI query, system BIOS configuration, AD and security configuration prior to deployment via SCCM 2007. Generating SCCM reports and queries. Recommending SCCM and Configuration Manager policies and best practices that permit the most compatibility with an environment. Creating .MSI, .MST packages and Microsoft APPV virtual applications using Wise Package Studio. Applications included GEOINT, COTS, IAVAs, Microsoft &amp; Adobe software, client-server applications &amp; tools, Web and Java applications, specialized scientific and engineering applications such as MATLAB, and license servers. VMware ESX 4/5 administration and troubleshooting. Active Directory group and account administration including re-organization and migration of group policies and their OUs. Authored Powershell 2.0 scripts for software packaging and VMware. Windows 7 and Windows Vista workstation troubleshooting. MS SQL Server 2005 and 2008 database support.Sr. Systems AdministratorGeneral Dynamics Information Technology-August 2010 to January 2013Salary: $73,000 TS/SCI granted 04/2008 Supervisor: Robert W. Murphy, 2nd supervisor Edwin Alan Clark Software packaging, testing, support, and deployment via SCCM 2007, Softgrid, and Microsoft APPV. Applications included GEOINT, COTS, IAVAs, Microsoft &amp; Adobe software, client-server applications &amp; tools, Web and Java applications, specialized scientific and engineering applications such as MATLAB, and license servers. Tier III support of the same software. Administering and setting policies for the SCCM CAS (Central Administration Server). Generating SCCM reports and queries. Recommending SCCM and Configuration Manager policies and best practices that permit the most compatibility with an environment. Creating .MSI, .MST packages and Microsoft APPV virtual applications using Admin Studio. Troubleshooting deployed Web/SQL applications servers including License Manager and other license servers. VMware ESX4.0, and ESX4.1 host server builds, administration, troubleshooting, virtual server deployment, support, and administration via VirtualCenter. SSL and security software deployment, and HBSS / security software troubleshooting on servers. Authored script files in VMwares Linux service console for automation. Active Directory group and account administration. Updating tables in Microsoft SQL Server 2005 and 2008 using SQL Server Management Studio. Advanced Windows 7 and Windows Vista workstation troubleshooting, including antivirus. Microsoft Office and Outlook support. Microsoft Server 2003 and 2008 Server builds, decommissioning, maintenance, printer and print server maintenance, WINS, DHCP, DFS, WSUS, and server antivirus software deployment. Citrix 4.5 and Citrix 6.5 XenApp, and XenServer administration and maintenance. Microsoft Exchange 2007 Server, Enterprise Vault, Blackberry Enterprise Services. ITIL v3 trained.Sr. Computer Systems Analyst, Infrastructure ServicesSI International - Reston, VA-January 2007 to January 20091/2/2007 - 1/6/2009, Salary: $62,000 12012 Sunset Hills Rd., Ste 800 Reston, VA 20190-5869, Supervisor: Jack Jackson Deployment, integration, maintenance, and management of approximately 30 Windows 2003 Enterprise Edition (many 64-bit edition) running on Dell PowerEdge servers (i.e. PE1850, 2850, 6850, etc.) and their database, terminal, application, and web server software (accounting, finance, business). Database servers running MS-SQL Server 2005 with some running cluster failover. Deltek Costpoint database running on Oracle 9g and testing Costpoint 6.1 on an Oracle 10i platform. Application and database servers include Deltek Time and Expense 8.1.1 w/ESS, Deltek Costpoint 5.1 and 6.1, Deltek Cobra EVMS, Costpoint Web, Impromptu Web reports, and GovWin (Vision). Web servers include BEA Weblogic servers. Managing enterprise backups with Symantec Backup Exec 10g and 11g, and later CommVault Galaxy for Enterprise. Backup media servers attached to Dell PowerVault 124T and 132T robotic tape libraries using LTO2 and LTO3 tapes for backups. Server virtualization and consolidation with multiple VMware ESX hosts (some Microsoft Virtual Server) for archival, testing, and production servers. Some troubleshooting, EMC training, of a Fiber-Channel EMC CX300 SAN. Server application testing, integration with other servers, between database(s) and web servers, and Active Directory. MS SQL server scripting and VBS scripting for database software bug work-a rounds, troubleshooting and automation. Tier III helpdesk support for all enterprise applications, WindowsDeployment and managementEnterprise Vault / EMC Centerra-2007 to 2007environment. Administering Symantec Antivirus and Symantec System Center for servers. Deployment and management of SNMP network management tools such as GFI Network Server Monitor and Dell OpenManage. Datacenter cable management and power management via hardware and APC Web.  Sapphire Technologies contract for Apptis, Inc. in Chantilly, VA (703) 917-8800 http://sapphire.com http://apptis.comFinancial Systems AdministratorCompensation - Vienna, VA-January 2006 to October 200622182, Supervisor: Robyn Hagadorn then Alice Golden Financial systems deployment, troubleshooting, and support. This includes several MS SQL Server 2000 databases and their client-server and web applications, and maintenance of 6 HP DL380 Windows 2003 servers and desktop support of 100 geographically distributed financial systems users. Administration and support of client-server database applications (and Web applications) including: Cognos and Deltek financial software including CostPoint 5.1, CostPoint Web, Impromptu, Impromptu Web Reports, and Time and Expense 7.1.2. Troubleshooting of BEA Weblogic 7.x and 8.x Web server software and IIS. Writing basic reports and modifying existing Cognos Impromptu financial reports, and their associated catalogs and security settings. Writing SQL server scripts for automation and batch changes and troubleshooting. Export or import of data to or from SQL server databases. Maintenance and upgrade of Citrix Metaframe XP server hardware and software. Installation and maintenance (RAID hard drive replacement, software updates, tape backups, security configuration, etc.) of HP DL380 Windows 2003 servers. SQL Server 2000 backups and tape backups with Veritas Backup Exec software. Maintenance and repair of user workstations. Desktop support of Microsoft Office and Microsoft Outlook applications.  Spectrum Technologies -- on a contract for Communication Technologies, Inc in Chantilly, VA (703) 738-1208 http://spectrumcareers.com http://www.comtechnologies.comSystems Administrator SupportCompensation - McLean, VA-June 2005 to January 200622102, Supervisor: Steve Cooper Network administration, developer support (MS-SQL Server 2000 running a Costpoint financial / budgeting database and also IIS) and desktop support of 75 geographically distributed users. Maintenance, upgrade, and administration of Deltek and Cognos financial software products. Installation and maintenance (RAID hard drive replacement, software updates, tape backups, security configuration, etc.) of distributed Windows 2000,2003 servers with RAID arrays (Dell, IBM, andmanagerDynamics Research Corporation - Vienna, VA-June 2004 to September 2004571) 226-8600 (978) 475-9090 http://drc.com Helpdesk Tier II, 6/1/04 -9/14/04 Salary: $43,000 2650 Park Tower Dr., Ste 400, Vienna, VA 22180, Supervisor: Rich Gautier (manager) Network administration, developer support, and desktop support. Installation and maintenance (RAID hard drive replacement, software updates, tape backups, security configuration, etc.) of Windows 2000, 2003 (Dell) rack-mount dual processor servers with RAID arrays. Tape backups were implemented with Vertas Backup Exec software. Maintenance and repair of user workstations (Windows XP, and some Windows 2000, and their hardware). Installation/maintenance of the following software: Microsoft Active Directory (user and computer accounts), DNS, Microsoft SQL server 2000, IIS, Macromedia Coldfusion MX, Microsoft Exchange 2000 mail server, Norton Antivirus, Norton Antivirus for Microsoft Exchange. Extensive Microsoft Internet Information Server configuration. Installation/maintenance of: Cisco routers, Netgear firewalls, 24-port Ethernet switches, patch panels, and UPS Filtering SPAM/unwanted/offensive email and configuring and troubleshooting email accounts. Linux server monitoring and maintenance (DNS server and SMTP relay agent). Desktop support of Microsoft Office and Microsoft Outlook applications. Installation of SPAM/Spyware detection and blocking software.Internet Support SpecialistVerizon Avenue - Herndon, VA-June 2001 to September 200320170, Supervisor: Kristen Kizer (manager), Jonathan Freeman (supervisor) Technical support for ADSL connections, 10BT/100BT Ethernet connections, and WIRELESS 802.11a and b APs and theirWidespan Service ManagerVerizon Avenue-2002 to 2002nodes (in an ESS configuration) primarily by telephone. 10BT/100BT Ethernet connections were primarily large properties pre- wired or retrofitted with CAT5 Ethernet. Software supported: WinPoet (PPPoE), wireless client software, Windows 95, 98, 98SE, Me, NT, 2000, XP, Netscape, Internet Explorer, Netscape Email, Outlook (98-2002), Outlook Express, FTP software and Webspace, Web-based e-mail, Windows Dialup-Networking, VPN, RAS, Widespan Service Manager, Ethernet NICs, Microsoft TCP/IP suite (including PPTP, NAT), PPP, PPPoE, POP and SMTP mail, Zone Alarm, Black ICE, McAfee. Interface with Network Operations Center (NOC) and/or DataPOP staff to ensure network availability and connectivity from DSLAM to: T1, RADIUS authentication server, GSP.EducationMaster of Science in Applied PhysicsGeorge Mason University - Fairfax, VAAugust 2012License in registrationGeorge Mason UniversityJune 2003Northern Virginia Community College1999SkillsLinux, Rhel, Red Hat, Redhat, Linux AdministratorCertifications/LicensesSecurity+ CEMay 2018 to PresentEmail Linux EngineerDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 20, 2018©2018 Indeed
Behavior TherapistUbuntu Autism Consultants-May 2017 to April 2018• Implement skill acquisition and behavior reductions plans in an in-home and/or community setting to effectively assist individuals with social skill development and/or manage maladaptive behaviors • Provides coaching, support, and guidance to the parent/guardian/caregiver in implementing the behavior reduction and/or skills acquisition plan • Collect quality behavioral data to monitor individual's progress and report any progress or regression in attaining objectives of behavior plan to supervisor and/or clinical director • Conduct behavioral assessments as assigned • Attend weekly supervision meetings • Complete 40 hours of RBT trainingCNACNA - Groton, MA-January 2017 to May 2017Seven Hills Foundation - Groton, MA January 2017 to May 2017 Groton, MA) CNA • Perform personal care task such as hygiene, ambulation, eating, dressing, toileting and shaving • Talk with clients, give them companionship while participating in resident activities • Prepare nutritious meals and snacks for clients • Provide transfers assistance by moving clients in and out of beds, baths, wheelchairs or cars • Change bed linens, clean and iron laundry and assist in keeping room, cabinet, and dresser drawers neat and clean • Maintain a specialized approach to responsibilities such as uniform, start times and absenteeism • Take and record vital signs • Create and maintain a pleasant work environment • Help with sanitation and housekeeping tasks of client's room, bathroom, and common areas • Perform general household tasks including laundry, shopping, errands and transportation • Implement and support resident-care plansPrivate Duty CaregiverFaye Deans - Memphis, TN-December 2014 to November 2016• Perform personal care task such as hygiene, ambulation, eating, dressing, toileting and shaving  • Talk with clients, give them companionship while participating in resident activities • Prepare nutritious meals and snacks for clients • Provide transfers assistance by moving clients in and out of beds, baths, wheelchairs or cars • Change bed linens, clean and iron laundry and assist in keeping room, cabinet, and dresser drawers neat and clean • Maintain a specialized approach to responsibilities such as uniform, start times and absenteeism • Take and record vital signs • Create and maintain a pleasant work environment • Help with sanitation and housekeeping tasks of client's room, bathroom, and common areas • Perform general household tasks including laundry, shopping, errands and transportation • Implement and support resident-care plansHomemakerCNA - Memphis, TN-August 1999 to December 2012• Perform basic household tasks; cooking, errands-running, laundry, cleaning and maintenance • Plan and cook meals according to family's personal preferences while keeping nutrition value in mind • Decorate homes in order to create an inviting environment for owners • Dust and mop floors and wash down bathrooms • Wash windows and clean doors • Dust surfaces and furniture • Vacuum and wash carpets on a periodic basis • Perform upkeep and minor repairs of the house • Wash dishes and flatware and organize family belongings appropriately • Ensure food portion control (in case of working in a facility) • Create shopping lists and purchase groceries and other household items • Maintain budgets by developing and overseeing expenditure • Pay house bills and keep record of credit payments • Oversee children by feeding, bathing, grooming and dressing them • Assist children with homework and recreational activities • Organize social activities and facilitate play dates • Run errands to the post office, bank or car cleaners • Report unsafe conditions to prevent hazards • Provide personal assistance to the elderly by helping in feeding, toileting and walking • Iron clothes and ensure that they are folded neatly and put away properlyDirect Care StaffCNA - Memphis, TN-May 2005 to May 2007• Provide assistance to individuals with developmental disabilities and autism with activities of daily living. • Assist in observing clients challenging behaviors to monitor effectiveness of treatment plans and assist with documenting progress of patients.Direct care staffCNA - Memphis, TN-August 1999 to December 1999• Provide assistance to client with activities of daily living. • Assist in observing client behavior to monitor effectiveness of treatment plans and assist with documenting progress of patients.Assist childrenExtended Care - Memphis, TN-April 1991 to August 1999Memphis, TN April 1991 to August 1999 CNA • Perform basic household tasks; cooking, errands-running, laundry, cleaning and maintenance • Plan and cook meals according to family's personal preferences while keeping nutrition value in mind • Decorate homes in order to create an inviting environment for owners • Dust and mop floors and wash down bathrooms • Wash windows and clean doors • Dust surfaces and furniture • Vacuum and wash carpets on a periodic basis • Perform upkeep and minor repairs of the house • Wash dishes and flatware and organize family belongings appropriately • Ensure food portion control (in case of working in a facility) • Create shopping lists and purchase groceries and other household items • Maintain budgets by developing and overseeing expenditure • Pay house bills and keep record of credit payments • Oversee children by feeding, bathing, grooming and dressing them • Assist children with homework and recreational activities • Organize social activities and facilitate play dates • Run errands to the post office, bank or car cleaners • Report unsafe conditions to prevent hazardsCNA - Certified Nursing AssistantBaptist Hospital - Memphis, TN-June 1970 to April 1991CNA • Serve meals and help patients eat • Take vital signs • Turn or reposition patients who are bedridden • Collect information about conditions and treatment plans from caregivers, nurses and doctors • Provide and empty bedpans • Lift patients into beds, wheelchairs, exam tables, etc. • Answer patient calls • Examine patients for bruises, blood in urine or other injuries/wounds • Clean and sanitize patient areas • Change bed sheets and restock rooms with necessary suppliesEducationDouglass High School - Memphis, TNSkillsAutism, ABAEmail Behavior TherapistDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 2, 2018©2018 Indeed
WordPress Developer and System AdminOrbitUX - Los Angeles, CA-November 2017 to PresentWeb developer, create sites using wordpress Divi theme, manage ubuntu servers in AWS, configure On-page SEO Yoast.Courtesy ClerkVons Companies - Los Angeles, CA-July 2016 to April 2018Part Time - Courtesy Clerk and Day Stocking, Costumer client service.IT Technician AssistantGabriel Guzman - San Salvador-June 2015 to December 2015Internship - Assigned to install new computers, move equipment, configure the correct IP's, DHCP, DNS. Attach computers to a domain and reset password in the Active Directory.EducationComputer Science Engineer in Computer Science EngineerUniversidad Francisco Gavidia - San SalvadorJanuary 2007 to March 2015SkillsActive Directory (1 year), DNS (1 year), Dhcp (1 year), VPN (1 year), Windows OS, Wordpress (Less than 1 year), Amazon Web Services (Less than 1 year), Linux (2 years), HTML, CSS3, Cloud ComputingCertifications/LicensesMTA: Windows Server Administration FundamentalsDecember 2014Email WordPress Developer and System AdminDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 6, 2018©2018 Indeed
Human Resources ManagerUbuntu Autism Consultants - Worcester, MA-April 2017 to April 2018Managed company restructuring and created internal quality controls to improve staff performance.  Educated managers by providing consultation and coaching regarding policy interpretation, employee behavior, performance management, and staff development. Created job descriptions, interview forms, and competitive equitable pay scales to attract top talent. Designed recruitment strategies informed by market analysis and implemented changes that tremendously improved recruiting activities and outcomes. Developed a new employee handbook, organizational policies and procedures, and orientation training. Managed bi-weekly payroll processing.Training CoordinatorAdvocates Incorporated - Framingham, MA-August 2013 to November 2016Designed, facilitated, monitored, documented and evaluated training programs for a non-profit human services agency with over 1000 staff membersTreasury AssistantCommerce Insurance Company - Webster, MA-June 2011 to August 2013Performed cash processing activities including transmission of bank files; processing of bank reports; reconciliation of accounts with multi-million dollar balances; and investigated check frauds. Provided timely and accurate financial reports to management.EducationMaster's in Public AdministrationClark University - Worcester, MAMay 2017Bachelor's in Business AdministrationWorcester State University - Worcester, MAAugust 2011SkillsHuman Resource (4 years), ADP (3 years), Recruiting (1 year), Payroll (1 year), Training & Development (3 years), Employee Relations (1 year), Policy Development (1 year)Certifications/LicensesProfessional in Human Resources (PHR)June 2018 to June 2021HRCI's PHR certificate holders have demonstrated mastery of the technical and operational aspects of HR Management, including U.S. laws and regulations (HRCI).Email Human Resources ManagerDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 21, 2018©2018 Indeed
Computing SupportArizona State University-May 2018 to PresentMay 2018 - Present School of Mathematical and Statistical Sciences: HTCondor, Ubuntu 18.04, iOS, Windows 10, HTML5, CSS • Assist in installing, upgrading and troubleshooting Ubuntu, Windows and iOS systems for faculty and students and provide end-user technical support to faculty or students with Linux Workstation computers or Linux Virtual Machines whenever required. Install and configure HTCondor in a grid of 30+ systems for distributed computing. • Developed web page from scratch to store DAE conference data for a faculty member using HTML5 and CSS.Systems EngineerTata Consultancy Services-July 2014 to June 2017HPE OneView Developer: C#, Java, SNMP, RESTful Web Services, Maven, JSON, pgAdmin, Putty, VirtualBox, PostgreSQL • Developed features for HPE OneView (web-based infrastructure management console used by 150+ organizations, using C# and RESTful web service including JSON to support CRUD operations on resources (volumes, server profiles, etc.). Worked in Agile environment and tracked user stories and defects using Rally (CA Agile Central). • Implemented Asynchronous messaging and event handling using RabbitMQ and C# Async and Await. • Developed SBAC (Scope Based Access Control) feature using AUTHZ for the HPE OneView application • Demonstrated expertise in Java MVC by implementing device simulator for 3Par, Store Virtual and Cisco (SNMP). Functional Testing team lead: Eclipse, MS Word, Java, PostgreSQL, JSON, JUnit, Mockito, vSphere Client • Automated 150+ JUnit test cases and configured Jenkins to run them for regression testing. Also, analyzed regression results of 800+ Junit test cases daily for identifying potential failures and delay in response time.InternshipSoftware Defined Networking - Tata Consultancy Services-January 2014 to April 2014Mininet, OpenFlow Protocol, Python, Wireshark, Putty, Linux • Developed Python scripts using the Mininet API to create different network topologies on the fly and study the performance. Emulated SDN locally using multiple virtual hosts and Mininet. Analyzed the OpenFlow packets using Wireshark.EducationMaster of Science in Software EngineeringArizona State UniversityMay 2018Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and EngineeringSikkim Manipal Institute of TechnologyJuly 2014SkillsC# (2 years), JENKINS (2 years), RESTFUL WEB SERVICES (2 years), ECLIPSE (2 years), JAVA (2 years)Linkshttp://www.linkedin.com/in/ananya-dutta19Additional InformationTECHNICAL SKILLS Languages Java, C#, Python, C, C++, SQL, CSS3, DevOps Jenkins, GitHub HTML5, XML, PHP, JavaScript D3, PowerShell Process Agile (Scrum), SAFe Web Service RESTful Web Services Database IBM DB2, PostgreSQL Tools / Framework J2EE, .NET, RabbitMQ, Maven, Mininet, Wireshark, Platforms Windows, LINUX\UNIX, MATLAB, vSphere Client, pgAdmin, VirtualBox, Eclipse iOS Testing Frameworks JUnit, NUnit, TestNG, SeleniumEmail Computing SupportDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 20, 2018©2018 Indeed
Server Side EngineerMercari Inc - San Francisco, CA-July 2017 to Present(Company is moving to location difficult to commute) 1. Designing and implementing micro-services and APIs in Golang and PHP for C2C platform. 2. Trouble-shooting live and dev servers and databases on Google Cloud Platform. 3. Designing and maintaining unit tests for comprehensive test coverage. 4. Participated in building data pipelines on Apache Airflow and by Python. 5. Designed and implemented servers to automate project management. 6. Released features within first 3 months: Displaying You May Also Like items in item detail page according to user profile, Configurable Feature-Page for marketing campaigns, Personalized Home page.Backend EngineerMattel Sproutling Inc - San Francisco, CA-June 2016 to July 2017San Francisco CA, USA 1. Designing and implementing scalable backend systems for IoT product. Jun 2016 - July 2017 2. Implementing micro-services with NodeJS and Golang. 3. Implementing Apache Spark applications for machine learning algorithms on top of big data. 4. Unit, integration and functional testings for micro-services. 5. Maintaining Docker images for micro-services. 6. Participating in maintaining and building developing and production environments for web services for IoT project.Mobile Full Stack DeveloperNexon Mobile - Oakland, CA-August 2014 to February 2016Oakland CA, USA 1. Designed and developed new features for mobile game server in Java. Aug 2014 - Feb 2016 2. Maintained, debugged and developed admin tool for mobile games in Java and PHP. 3. Migrated game servers from Haroku and Digital Ocean to AWS. 4. Migrated game databases from SQL to Non-SQL. 5. Designed and developed REST web APIs for analytics database in PHP. 6. Designed and maintained in-house sales reporting system on top of NodeJS. 7. Participated in-house game project using Unity3D. 8. Designed and implemented SQL database behind Spring Security for account authentication and authorization behind company web portal.Senior Software EngineerInverted Axis - Corona, CA-February 2014 to June 2014(Company shut down due to publisher breached contract) 1. Plausibility researches. 2. Gave technical directions about cloud computing and network programming. 3. Designed server infrastructure for web games which is cross Linux and Windows. 4. Designed, configured and maintained servers for test-driven methodology. 5. Developed web games, tools and automated tests in Unity3D and C#. 6. Designed and implemented new data schema to existing MySQL database for web games. 7. Implemented NodeJS server for tests and web games. 8. Generated, configured and maintained Amazon virtual machines for web game. 9. Provided verbal and written feedbacks to the manager about technical directions, development progress and rest of the team.C/C++ Server EngineerGamma Technology - Taipei, TW-August 2012 to November 20131. Designed and implemented new servers between iPhone apps and Oracle databases for large-scale casino games. 2. Debugging and maintaining existing code base of servers of large-scale casino games. 3. Designing, implementing and unit-testing in-house WebSocket module in C++ and on Windows XP and 7.Linux EngineerAmerican Megatrends, Taipei Taiwan-August 2010 to June 20121. Designed SQLite database for Linux and WebKit based digital signage clients. 2. Developed Linux desktop applications on customized WebKit engine in C++. 3. Designed and integrated 3rd party computer vision libraries into main code base.Smart Phone DeveloperAsus-Pegatron Corporation - Taipei, TW-January 2009 to April 20101. Designed and implemented Windows Mobile applications for OEM projects. 2. Customized Android framework and system applicationsTV Graphics ProgrammerAccuWeather.com-June 2008 to November 2008Position terminated due to company's financial concern) 1. Developed 3D Graphics software for TV broadcasting.C++ ProgrammerNorth American Clearing - Longwood, FL-January 2008 to June 20081. Developed financial database backend software.Lab InstructorFull Sail University - Winter Park, FL-January 2006 to January 20081. Taught labs of Physics, Calculus and Windows Programming. 2. Designed and implemented programming tests for Physics, Calculus and Windows Programming. 3. Graded programming tests.EducationOpen University2015 to 2016Bachelor of Science in Game DevelopmentFull Sail University2003 to 2005Bachelor of Fine Arts in SculptureTaipei National University of the Arts1997 to 2002SkillsDATABASE (5 years), C++ (4 years), JAVA (1 year), SQL (1 year), .NET (Less than 1 year)Linkshttps://github.com/nikkitanAdditional InformationSkills: 1. Amazon Cloud: EC2, alarms, auto-scaling, IAM user and role management, S3 bucket, Elasticache, VPC, ELB. 2. Google Cloud: Datastore, Kubernetes, Stackdriver logging. 3. Dev/Live Ops: Mesosphere, Nomad/Consul, Kubernetes, Terraform, Cloudformation. 4. Database: SQL (MySQL, SQLite, Postgresql) and Non-SQL (Couchbase, BigQuery, Datastore). 5. Programming Languages: C/C++, Java, C#, JavaScript, Golang. 6. IDE: Visual Studio, Eclipse, vi/vim. 7. Game Engine: Unity3D. 8. Server stack: Java Tomcat/Spring, NodeJS, in-house C/C++ and Golang servers.Email Server Side EngineerDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 21, 2018©2018 Indeed
Rust-prooferMadison auto trim - Madison, WI-March 2018 to PresentI spray rust proofing material onto the bolts underneath the hood and trunk, inside all doors and also the undersides of the vehiclesPit workerSuper lube of waunakee - Waunakee, WI-July 2015 to September 2017Preformed oil changes as a pit workerConstruction assistantRoccos construction - Waunakee, WI-March 2016 to July 2016I assisted in working on the interior of a dream home project. Installing drywall, tiling and backsplash. Grouting, painting and installing appliances.EducationWaunakee high schoolSkillsI have good communication skills and i am very hardworking (4 years)Email Rust-prooferDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 2, 2018©2018 Indeed
Principal Developer - Core Web DevGannett Digital-January 2017 to PresentDeveloped and maintain several microservices in Golang ● Ported an unstable nodejs microservice to Golang reducing runtime errors to near zero. ● Mentor junior developers ● Drive architectural decisions ● Encourage clean, safe coding practicesPrincipal Developer - Data PlatformGannett Digital-January 2016 to January 2017Lead the deployment of the Airflow scheduler to AWS using Chef ● Architected the scheduling infrastructure and APIs ● Mentor to junior developers. ● Encouraged the practice of decoupling, reuse, encapsulation, and automated testing with BigData jobsPrincipal Developer - UXGannett Digital-April 2012 to January 2016Architected the Django/Python platform for the new USA Today and more than 200 properties ● Developed tools, processes, and procedures to enable distributed development, code review, and automated testing of features ● Architected Gannett Digital deployment processes to hot deploy static media ● Developed an image resize and cropping service to dynamically create images on demand. Reduced average render time from 1.2 seconds to 110ms by utilizing sendfile and a QuickChecked crop/resize algorithm ( boxmath ) ● Championed the practice of continuous integration and automated testing at Gannett ● Lobbied for the introduction of HATEOAS and Linked Data with RESTful servicesSoftware Development ManagerScripps Interactive-November 2007 to April 2012Developed Pub/Sub Hub, a service that enabled internal and external data consumers user realtime push or pull ● Optimized Ellington to allow it to scale better ● Served as a mentor to junior developers ● Lead researcher in exploring RESTful web services as Scripps's next generation content management team ● Served on Scripps' emerging technologies team to provide R&amp;D for new products for Scripps ● Served on Scripps' community engagement team to provide R&amp;D for social interactions with Scripps existing products ● Explored cutting-edge technologies such as HTML5 and NoSQL and their use within ScrippsLead Web DeveloperMiami Herald-July 2007 to November 2007Lead the development of Miami.com ● Built a RESTful interface to the McClatchy Interactive event calendar system.Lead DeveloperNaples Daily News-August 2005 to July 2007Developed the award winning websites, Naplesnews.com and Bonitanews.com using Django. ● Lead the development of the innovative Studio 55 webcast. Studio 55 is a daily cross platform news broadcast. ● Developed RSS syndication for the daily broadcast of Studio 55 that integrates with iTunes. ● Developed Coastalbeat.com. Coastalbeat.com is the online presence of Naples Daily News' weekly alternative paper. ● Developed a social feature for Coastalbeat.com that allows users to have friends. ● Created a live chat application that uses ajax to enable users to pose questions in real-time to interviewees. ● Created searchable bar guide for Coastalbeat.com ● Developed an extensive high school sports database with stats, live updates during game via SMS and multimedia. ● Developed a Hockey stats database for Floridaeverblades.com that imports data via a feed. ● Developed a searchable shopping database that allowed users to search stores by products, designer, services, etc.Senior DeveloperForesite Design, Inc-February 2004 to August 2005Designed and developed E-commerce web sites utilizing ColdFusion, and SQL Server. Functionality includes inventory and order management, membership pricing, product restrictions, search collections, gift certificates/coupons, user management, order tracking, and real time payment processing. ● Developing web-based applications utilizing technologies such as XML, Java, and SOAP. ● Worked with clients and programmers to develop programming requirements, and completion dates. ● Developed Integration with existing inventory systems utilizing Python and XML to synchronize data. ● Developed a turn key application with Jython to export product data from existing shopping cart systems into the top product comparison sites such as Froogle, MySimon, Shopping.com and Bizrate.  Mar 2002 - Feb 2004 On Hiatus for EducationContract DeveloperKnight Ridder-September 2001 to March 2002Contracted to build an internal surveying system to acquire inventory of their various business units for security. The system needed the ability to build dynamic questionnaires for the current requirements and to be flexible for new and unknown needs in the future. ● Other responsibilities included development of a utility in Perl to parse the security logs for auditing various systemsLead DeveloperForesite Design, Inc-September 2000 to September 2001Designed and developed E-commerce systems using ColdFusion and SQL Server. ● Developed a data import system for the AbleCommerce Shopping Cart application. The system allowed shop owners to import existing product data into AbleCommerce easily from a web based admin. ● Developed an auction website called BidGive that allowed customers to bid on dinners at participating restaurants. The proceeds from the auctions went to a charity of the customers choice. ● Developed a PhoneXML based redemption system that allowed participating restaurants used to verify and redeem the certificates purchase via the BidGive website.ProgrammerHollywood.com-March 2000 to September 2000Spearheaded the development of a Content Management System for Broadway.com and Musicsite.com enabling reporters to enter articles via a web based administrative interface, propelling Broadway.com to become the top provider for Broadway news. ● Tasks included integration of the Reuters' syndication feed, integration of the existing E-Commerce application, and integration of an existing Broadway ticketing system.  Accolades/Awards ● 2006 - Naplesnews.com, Editor &amp; Publisher's EPpy award for Best Internet News Service ● 2006 - Bonitanews.com, NAA's digital edge award for Most Innovative Multimedia Storytelling  Personal/Open source Projects  1. scrapy-music: A web scraper for extracting music review data from Pitchfork and exporting to JSON-LD for analysis with Spark 2. static-ld: A static site generator that uses Linked Data as its data source. 3. chef-slug-deployment: A Chef cookbook POC to deploy 12-Factor applications in a generic way. 4. Django: Worked with the developers of the Django project providing quality assurance prior to the first release. Developed the core of the RSS/Syndication framework that is now part of Django. 5. crdt: A toolbox of Conflict-free replicated data types in Python for eventually consistent databases like Riak. 6. wsdemo: An ambition benchmark of 19 of the most common WebSocket libraries utilizing a custom Erlang benchmark tool and WebSocket client, eleveldb for stats collecting and R for statistical analysis. 7. nanoweb: A simple Python/WSGI based framework for building web services. 8. instathread: A HATEOAS enabled web service which demonstrates a technique to compose Erlang/OTP into a complete web service utilizing the Cowboy HTTP server and Riak. 9. boxmath: A simple algorithm to optimize image manipulation without using image processing libraries. Modeled in Haskell, proven by QuickCheck then ported to Python.  Links 1. Blog: http://eric.themoritzfamily.com/ 2. Github: http://github.com/ericmoritz/SkillsNOSQL (5 years), RESTFUL WEB SERVICES (10+ years), AWS (2 years), DATABASES (10+ years), Python (10+ years), Rust (Less than 1 year), Go (2 years), Javascript (10+ years), Scala (1 year)Linkshttp://ericmoritz.name/http://github.com/ericmoritz/Additional InformationTechnologies 1. Linux 2. MySQL, PostgreSQL, SQLite 3. Hypermedia enabled RESTful services 4. GRPC, GraphQL 5. RDF, Microformats, Microdata, JSON-LD 6. JSON, JSONP, JSON Schema 7. NoSQL Databases: Riak, Cassandra, Redis 8. Big Data: Spark, Hadoop, HDFS 9. AWS 10. Docker, Docker Compose, Kubernetes 11. Erlang/OTPEmail Principal Developer - Core Web DevDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: May 11, 2018©2018 Indeed
Full time Caregiver and Personal AssistantRust Home Residence - Omaha, NE-May 2015 to Present• Provided full time assistance, care and daily living needs for mother, until her passing on October, 11, 2017. • Served as enforcer of Durable Power of Attorney to assist with all financial and legal matters on mother's behalf. Served as enforcer of Medical Power of Attorney to assist with all medical needs. • Handled all legal, estate, beneficiary matters after mother's death.Senior Sales ManagerDoubleTree Suites by Hilton Omaha - Omaha, NE-January 2014 to May 2015• Targeted, secured and services University, sports and Military Reunion groups with function space and accommodations. • System administration for brand specific systems and all hotel IT systems. Trained staff on various systems. • Analyzed hotel statistics and production utilizing daily, weekly and monthly reports. Created forecast to anticipate occupancy, arrivals, departures and revenue based on historical information and recent trends. • Secure group contracts totaling $327,366 in future business and secure tentative business of $54,897 within first 9 months at hotel. • Completed various requests/leads for accommodations of groups and individuals through multiple lead generators and channels. • Attend networking events to promote business and develop relationships with other companies in which we could anticipate future business relationships and revenue. • Developed all social media marketing and to increase followers and active interaction on all channels. • Provided VIP service and amenities for Division 1 visiting teams and Summit League visiting teams. Served as "On Call" hotel contact 24 hours a day for all NCAA teams during their stay. • Various other duties to improve customer service, team building and efficiency of hotel, staff and management team.Director of Sales and MarketingResidence Inn by Marriott Omaha Downtown - Omaha, NE-April 2013 to January 2014• Develop strong sales team to target and secure future business in social, corporate and catering market. • Build pre-opening relationships to secure Local Negotiated Accounts with Omaha's top 500 companies through telemarketing, prospecting, sales calls and site tours. Maintained relationships with maintenance sales calls to obtain additional contacts and saturate accounts. • Complete marketing plan for remaining and upcoming year by market segment strategies, marketing expenses, and develop budget for future year. • Secure group contracts to not only meet pre-opening bookings goal of $250,000 but exceeded goal by $68,000 to secure $318,000 in group bookings. • Monitor completion of leads and requests through online lead generators. • Marketed hotel through Strictly Business Publication, Midlands Business Journal, other local publications and online marketing. Developed engagement marketing of hotel through Facebook, Twitter, Youtube and other Social Media. • Develop online and all published marketing material for hotel sales collateral emphasizing the historical significance of the building and the preservation of as many original items as possible from the original purpose of the building. • Plan, coordinate and organize Grand Opening event for top clients, corporate management and media. Work with professional photographer of hotel and professional video for future marketing tour and collateral. • Obtain 116.4% in ADR index, 79.3% in Occupancy and a rolling 28 day RevPAR index of 66.8% within the first 60 days after opening the hotel in the 4th quarter and after 7 month delay in opening. Achieved 97% occupancy 1 week after Thanksgiving, within first 60 days of opening.Director of SalesHawthorn Suites by Wyndham Omaha - Omaha, NE-September 2011 to March 2013Developed all marketing material for hotel emphasizing benefits for extended stay clientele, including full color hotel fact sheet, rack brochure, business cards, email promotions to be distributed by mass email, etc. • Targeted and solicited group, local negotiated account and extended stay business through telemarketing, outside cold calls, sales calls and site visits. • Detailed all group and function accommodation information and requirements, event schedules, catering requirements, function setup, communicate all details with all members of operations and followed up with clients after conclusion of event to ensure their expectations were exceeded. • to reinforce established relationships with local networking organizations. • Established and implemented daily, weekly and monthly revenue management strategies based upon high and low market demand, statistical analysis and rate strategies of comp set, neighborhood market and Omaha market. • Completed marketing plan and annual budget with all anticipated expenses for the Sales and Marketing department. • Converted independent, unbranded hotel to a Hawthorn Suites with the Wyndham brand, including completion of extensive Data Pack hotel data, rate structures, defining new room types, hotel descriptions, branding promotional material, designed flyer and distributed by mass email to over 2000 past, present and future clients to inform of name change, and compiled new contracts, proposals, Banquet Event Orders and other client communication documentation. • Assisted in managing front desk staff and provided support to all hotel operation staff when needed.Group Sales ManagerDoubleTree Suites by Hilton Omaha - Omaha, NE-October 2006 to September 2011Targeted and solicit SMERFE and Corporate group business in local Omaha area while responding to inquiries, leads, CVB leads, referrals and solicitations calls with creative proposals, agreements and follow up calls to secure group business. • Developed and maintained strong relationship with local companies through networking events. • Conducted outside sales calls, site visits, attend networking events to build relationships with event coordinators, companies and hotels. • Communicated with group contacts to negotiate rates and required details for events and accommodations. • Communicated with operation staff to ensure all expectations of group and contact were met and exceeded. • Main contact for NCAA College World Series team, family members and fans for 2010 University ofCatering Sales ManagerDoubleTree Suites by Hilton Omaha-2009 to 20092008 Florida State and 2007 Rice University, which included coordinating all team meals, autograph sessions, media coordination, accommodation assignments and adjustments, pregame and postgame departure and arrival amenities, ensure any special requests made by any players, university staff or coaches were accommodated above and beyond their expectations. • Secured corporate account which generated monthly, quarterly and weekly revenues of $ 44,324.00 over a 2 year period. Catering Sales Manager • Increased revenue by targeting and soliciting clients for events, completed outside sales calls, conducted site visits of property, negotiated rental space and catering charges with clients, completed proposals and agreements to secure catering business for hotel, and followed up with potential clients to secure business. • Detailed events with clients including but not limited to room configurations, time schedules, menu selections, audio visual needs, created Banquet Event Orders to communicate details and expectations with Banquet department, maintained relationship with clients after events to secure return business. • Detailed and planned pregame and postgame athlete focused meals for NCAA College World Series teams including the University of Oklahoma baseball team, University of Texas, Florida State and Rice University. Revenue Analyst and Sales Administrator • Analyzed historical, current and future booking patterns to produce accurate weekly, monthly and yearly forecasts, while determining appropriate pricing strategies and which profitable groups to accept. • Loaded and maintained all rates, groups and booking information into all systems. • Determined year over year growth and trends to produce an Annual Budget with obtainable yet challenging Room Nights and Room Revenue goals.  • Greeted Group Sales clients, qualified sales leads, distributed leads to appropriate manager, completed Sales proposals, Sales Contracts, Banquet Event Orders, Function Resumes, Thank You Letters and other group correspondence. • Forecasted a revenue variance within $34.00 of actual which was $103,000.00 over budget in June 2009.Front Office Manager, System Administrator, DirectorCrowne Plaza Omaha Old Mill - Omaha, NE-October 1998 to December 2000Resources Manager • Conducted overall operation of the Front Desk and staff on a daily basis, monthly employee one-on-ones, and developed departmental training material. • Analyzed and reviewed monthly financial and operational plans for the rooms department and made necessary adjustments to meet budgeted expenditures. • Implemented hotel tracking procedures and documentation to separate hotel rates into appropriate Market Segmentation, completed weekly 10 day, monthly, quarterly and yearly occupancy and room revenue forecasts. • Conducted internal audits and maintained employee files, managed recruitment of qualified applicants for open positions, conducted behavior interviews, developed and conducted hotel orientation according to company guidelines.  During this time period, I participated in the seven million-dollar renovation, re-branding and repositioning of the hotel. The hotel was a distressed Holiday Inn running at 32% occupancy and a $54.00 average rate. The final product, a Crowne Plaza Hotel that received an opening service and condition score in the top 5% of Crowne Plazas worldwide, with a 41% projected sales and revenue increase in the first year.Training SpecialistYield Management Services Incorporated - Omaha, NE-August 1997 to October 1998Installed and conduced hotel staff training of Hotel Yield Management software domestically and internationally.Sales Representative and Sales Specialist/Reservation SupervisorCarlson Hospitality Worldwide/Radisson Reservation Center - Omaha, NE-July 1991 to July 1997Provided customer service to guests by making, canceling, adjusting and confirming reservations, support to Sales Representatives, Data Base, IT, GDS Systems and coordinated monthly meetings.  Professional Management 101 Train the Trainer, Behavioral Interviewing, TiPS Trainer Alcohol AwarenessEducationEarly Childhood EducationMetropolitan Community College - Elkhorn, NE1988 to 1990SkillsCustomer Service, Care GiverEmail Full time Caregiver and Personal AssistantDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 17, 2018©2018 Indeed
Quality Engineer, vSphere Integrated ContainersVMware - Austin, TX-March 2017 to PresentDevelop Automated Integration tests for VIC (vSphere Integrated Containers). • Created Robot (test framework - Python based version) tests to test container life-cycle and user use cases in the context of the VIC infrastructure. • Maintained/updated shell configuration scripts for nightly dynamic test bed creation. • Deployed and maintained on-prem vCenter/ESXi cluster test beds for longevity testing.  Perform Quality Engineering tasks in a Scrum/Agile environment.  • Triage new ticket/customer issues. • Used Github's ticket system (along with Zenhub) to create and keep track of issues/stories. • Documented procedures and environment set-ups for testing purposes.  Maintain/update tests using Golang • Used the Golang language to maintain and update several helper function calls in production software.  https://github.com/vmware/vicQuality Engineer, Pivotal Container Service (PKS)VMware - Austin, TX-September 2017 to March 2018Develop Automated Integration tests for Pivotal Container Service. • Created Ginkgo/Gomega (Golang) tests to test multi company integration services (logging, system health monitoring) • Leveraged Concourse CI to run builds and tests.Quality Automation Engineer ContractorRetailMeNot , Inc via Technology Navigators - Austin, TX-July 2016 to March 2017Develop Automated User Interface and Data Analytics tests. • Leveraged JavaScript along with Selenium and Night Watch as a framework to write User Interface and Data Analytic tests.Software DeveloperAllure Energy - Austin, TX-June 2014 to June 2016Responsibilities  Develop Production Software for the Eversense® Platform. • User Interface implementation using QML/Javascript • Business Logic implementation, re-factoring, and maintenance in Java • Back-end server programming using Django/Python framework • Used Cron editing and Bash/Shell scripting to tie in internal Linux OS operations  Develop and Maintain Support Software for Internal Company Use •Used Django/Python framework to provide information for operations and engineering team  Design and Implement “Web Scrapers” to gather data that drive sales • Leveraged Python's Beautiful Soup, Requests, JSON parsing, and Littletable libraries to scan web pages, make API calls, parse JSON, create and email complied data in .csv files • Automated everything by leveraging the Cron utility in Linux  Help and Lead in Maintaining Software Version Branches (GIT)  Quality Assurance Lead for Software and Hardware Releases &amp; Evaluations; Including- Integration, Beta, and Final Software/Hardware Testing before a Software/Product Release  • Help and lead in releasing final production software to units in the field • Evaluate/qualify hardware for use with existing platform  Automate testing using Python and Bash/Shell scripting languages • Written scripts to test and verify software packages and internal APIs.  Provide Tier I, II, and III Advanced Technical Customer Support for Both Software and Hardware Issues.  Skills Used: Python, QML, Javascript, and Java programming; Bash/Shell scripting/programming; Django framework; Linux, Mac OSX, and Windows Operating Systems; VMWare fusion/workstation applications; Git versioning tool; Customer Service Support (over the phone support). Both basic and advanced support tiersQA and Operations SpecialistAllure Energy - Austin, TX-October 2011 to June 2016Responsibilities  Quality Assurance:  • Integration, Beta, and Final Software/Hardware Testing before a Software or Product Release  Software Developer: • Develop Support Software for Internal Software/Hardware Maintenance.  Operations: • Choose Technology for Capturing Customer Service Support tickets (CRM); Create Knowledge Base and FAQ; Create Support Page for Customers to Enter Support Requests and find FAQ with Support Info.  Technical Support:  • Assist Clients with Advanced Technical Tier II Support for Both Software and Hardware Issues  Client Relations: • Assist Clients with Software/Hardware Inquiries  Skills Used Java and Python programming; Django framework; Bash/Shell scripting/programming; Linux, Mac OSX, and Windows Operating Systems; VMWare applications; Customer Service Support (over the phone support). Both basic and advanced support tiers.Technical Service Associate, A+ CertifiedFry's Electronics - Austin, TX-May 2010 to February 2012• Specialization in Laptop Repair • Diagnose and Repair Computer Systems for Both Software and Hardware Issues  • Implement Warranty Repairs &amp; Exchanges • Execute Preventive Maintenance on Store ComputersVideo Sales AssociateFry's Electronics - Austin, TX-March 2009 to May 2010• Commisson Sales  • Assist Customers by Providing Detailed Merchandise Knowledge to Increase Sales and Company Revenue. • Close Sales and Sell Performance Service Contracts (Extended Warranties) • Train New Employees in Store Policies and Procedures • Received Positive Reviews for Commitment to Providing Outstanding ServiceAudio Sales SupervisorFry's Electronics - Austin, TX-March 2008 to March 2009• Manage &amp; Delegate Tasks to All Audio/Video Associates • Manage Associate Schedules • Enforce Company Policies &amp; Disciplinary Actions • Manage Inventory &amp; Schematics for the Department • Resolve Escalated Customer Issues • Consistently Attain Sales Goal Projections for the Audio DepartmentVideo Sales SupervisorFry's Electronics - Austin, TX-May 2006 to March 2008• Manage &amp; Delegate Tasks to All Audio/Video Associates • Manage Associate Schedules • Enforce Company Policies &amp; Disciplinary Actions • Manage Inventory &amp; Schematics for the Department • Resolve Escalated Customer Issues • Consistently Attain Sales Goal Projections for the Video DepartmentCustomer Service Sales SupervisorFry's Electronics - Austin, TX-October 2005 to May 2006• Manager in Charge of the Store • Manage the Returns Department • Manage Daily Duties for Returns Associates • Managed Associate Schedules • Enforce Company Policies While Providing Exceptional Customer Service • Highest Level of Escalation for Customer Issue ResolutionComputer Sales AssociateFry's Electronics - Austin, TX-May 2005 to October 2005• Commission Sales  • Assist Customers by Providing Detailed Merchandise Knowledge, Increasing Sales and Company Revenue  • Close Sales and Sell Performance Service Contracts (Extended Warranties) • Train New Employees on Store Policies and Procedures • Received Positive Reviews for Commitment to Providing Outstanding ServiceCustomer Service SupervisorFry's Electronics - Austin, TX-August 2004 to May 2005• Manage the Cashiers &amp; All Monetary Transactions • Provide First Level Auditing for All Front-Checkout Transactions • Delegate Overall Store Maintenance • Resolve Escalated Customer Issues • Manage Associate Daily Duties • Enforce Company Policies &amp; Disciplinary ActionsCustomer Service AssociateFry's Electronics - Austin, TX-July 2003 to August 2004• Perform Cashiering and Operations Duties • Provide Customer Service at Point-of-SaleEducationB.S. in Computer Sciences, Computer and Information Systems Security/Information AssuranceUniversity of Texas - Austin, TX2008 to 2014SkillsTechnical Support (6 years), Supervisory/Management (5 years), Operations (8 years), Sales (6 years), Hardware/Software Diagnostics (6 years), Customer Service (Basic and Technical) (10+ years), Schedule Management (5 years), Inventory Management (6 years), CompTIA A+ Certification (6 years), Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook) (10+ years), Windows Operating System (10+ years), Mac OSX Operating System (6 years), Linux Operating System (Ubuntu, Lubuntu, Xbuntu, Debian (Kali)) (6 years), Quality Assurance - software and hardware - black and white box testing (5 years), GIT - software version tool (4 years), Django Framework (3 years), Python (3 years), QML (2 years), Bash/Shell Scripting/Programming (4 years), VM Ware Fusion and Workstation (6 years), Java (4 years), XML (5 years), JSON (4 years), Selenium (1 year), Javascript (2 years), Attack Methods (Less than 1 year), CCNA (Less than 1 year), Computer Forensics (Less than 1 year), Cryptography (Less than 1 year), Data and Event Analysis (Less than 1 year), Endpoint Threat Analysis (Less than 1 year), Host Based Analysis (Less than 1 year), Incident Response (Less than 1 year), Network Intrusion Analysis (Less than 1 year), Security Monitoring (Less than 1 year), Golang (Go) (Less than 1 year), Robot Framework (Less than 1 year)Linkshttps://www.linkedin.com/in/sanchezrogeliohttps://www.youracclaim.com/badges/8d019331-1bcf-4c23-a470-040c55325f59Certifications/LicensesINFOSEC Professional Certificate, Committee on National Security SystemsDecember 2014 to PresentCompTIA A+ CertifiedMarch 2010 to PresentCisco Certified Network Associate Cyber Ops (CCNA Cyber Ops)September 2017 to September 2020https://www.youracclaim.com/badges/8d019331-1bcf-4c23-a470-040c55325f59Additional InformationQUALIFICATIONS SUMMARY  * Experience in the requirements gathering, design, development, testing, implementation, and maintenance of production software. * Skilled in user interface, business logic, and back-end server software development. * Skilled in Software Quality Assurance practices in an Agile Environment. * Experience in creating automated test packages/scripts leveraging Robot Framework, Go, Python, JavaScript, and Bash/Shell. * Experience with the Linux environment (command line console, Crontab, running processes). * InfoSec enthusiast: Cisco CCNA Cyber Ops certified.Email Quality Engineer, vSphere Integrated ContainersDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 8, 2018©2018 Indeed
Linux AdministratorIBM/ FannieMae - Austin, TX-May 2017 to PresentResponsibilities: ● Administration of RHEL 5, 6, and 7 which includes installation, testing, tuning, upgrading and loading patches, troubleshooting both physical and virtual server issues. ● Creating, cloning Linux Virtual Machines, templates using VMware Virtual Client 3.5 and migrating servers between ESX hosts. ● Installing RedHat Linux using kickstart and applying security polices for hardening the servers. ● Primary member of the team in setting up VCS on a two node and three node VCS clusters runing oracle database. ● Performed OS upgrades, migrations on SuSE and Solaris ● Primary member of the team to successfully implement SPARC migration from Sun hardware to LDOMs running on Solaris 10 and Solaris 11. ● Experience with change control management using BMC Remedy tool in handling Work Orders on production systems in a large datacenter environment. ● Core member of the team for Reston exit project to succesfully migrate both virtual and physical solaris and linux servers. ● Extensively worked in building and configuring Solaris hypervisors hosting ldoms. ● Configured VPC for hypervisors running Solaris 10/11. ● Migrated Linux virtual machines from one vCenter to other for Soft Layer Project. ● Primary member of the OOR team to rename/re-ip and setup application and database environments similar to their prod counter-parts. ● Primary member of the team for GRID project to successfully upgrade firmware, re-install OS and perform post for IBM blades running SuSElinux 10/11. ● Developed Puppet modules to automate deployment, configuration, and lifecycle management of key clusters. ● Experience working in NFS/NAS, Storage Area Networks (SAN), SSA disk storage environment. Extensively performed SAN Migration. ● Worked with network team in identifying VLAN, switch ports related configuration, validations and shakeouts. ● Worked in production &amp; application support 24/7 in NAS, EMC SAN Storage on Linux Environment. ● Implemented security policy and managed firewalls/IDS. Managed DNS, send mail, IP space, and co-location facility transition. ● Maintained Volumes and File systems for Oracle, MySQL, DB2, Sybase databases. ● Applying security patches to RHEL servers using Red Hat Satellite. ● Managing systems routine backup, scheduling jobs using cron, enabling system logging, network logging of servers for maintenance, performance tuning, and testing. ● Performed data-center operations including rack mounting and cabling. ● Tech and non-tech refresh of Linux servers which includes new hardware, OS upgrade, application installation, and testing. ● Working on Volume management, Disk Management, software RAID solutions using VERITAS Volume manager and Logical Volume Manager. ● File system Tuning and growing using VERITAS File System (VxFS), coordinated with SAN Team for storage allocation. ● Upgraded firmware on HP, DELL, and IBM blade servers running Linux. ● Configuring multipath, adding SAN and creating physical volumes, volume groups, logical volumes. ● Extensive exposure to Configuration Management policies and practices with regards to SDLC; along with automation of scripting using BASH/Shell, Perl scripting. ● Worked on Zabbix for to integrity of servers, mechanism of flexible notifications for any virtual event and reporting. ● Installing and configuring Apache and supporting them on Linux production servers. ● Worked on SALT configuration management server to update configuration on Linux servers. ● Preparing servers for Oracle RAC installation which includes tuning the kernel, agent installation, adding NAS storage. ● Monitored server and application performance &amp; tuning via various stat commands (vmstat, nfsstat, iostatetc) and tuned I/O, memory, etc. ● Adding servers to the domain and monitoring them using Spectrum, Nagios, Check_MK, and BMC. ● Documented various system admiration tasks to be used by team.  Environment: RHEL 5, 6, and 7, Solaris 9/10, /11, VCS, Oracle RAC, Redhat Cluster, MySQLVMWare vSphere, VMWare vCAC, Red Hat, Ubuntu, Satellite, Ansible, Ruby, Bash, Puppet, Dell PowerEdge R710, R720, R820, HP Proliant, Oracle T5220, 5420, T4-1, T5-1, V880, VVM, VCS, VNB, EMC Symmetrix and CLARiiON.Linux AdministratorCox communications - Atlanta, GA-December 2015 to March 2017Responsibilities: ● Installed, configured, maintained and enhanced operating system and system support software/hardware Enterprise Linux 6.x, 5.x, 4.x, Ubuntu troubleshooting hardware, operating system, applications &amp; network problems and performance issues. ● Installed and configured various flavors of Linux like Red hat, SuSE and Ubuntu. ● Monitored trouble ticket queue to attend user and system calls, participated in team meetings, change control meetings to update installation progress, and for upcoming changes. ● Diagnosing and resolving systems related tasks in accordance with priorities setup in dealing with trouble tickets. ● Network printer's setup and installation of client/server applications. Defined and setup network protocols, Network File Services (NFS), and Network Information Services (NIS) in Red Hat Linux and AIX systems ● Network trouble shooting using 'netstat', 'ifconfig', 'tcpdump', 'vmstat', 'iostat' and others. ● Built vservers using the templates as per the application's requirement ● Responsible for adding new DNS and mail entries in their respective servers. ● Day to day production support including checking daily logs, backup/recovery procedures, disaster recovery periodic maintenance and off-hours problem support. ● Monitored the whole Exalogic infrastructure. ● Created clones and Templates of Virtual Machines and Deploying Oracle VM's through Templates. ● Implemented and administered VMware ESX 3.5, 4.x for running the Windows 2003/2008 Servers on development and test servers. ● Installed and administered Redhat using KVM, Xen based hypervisor. ● Installing and configuring virtual environment using VCloud Director. ● Installing ESX servers and configuring them in a private cloud environment. ● Experienced in installing and managing NFS, FTP and Samba for file sharing. ● Installed and managed Tomcat and Apache Web based Server for Red Hat Production servers. ● Identifying, evaluating and recommending the purchase of software, hardware or services that can be used to improve the performance of this group. ● Supervised hardware installations and performed O/S upgrades. ● Experience in working in a huge environment with almost 700 servers including RS/6000. ● Day to day tasks in Red Hat Linux including upgrading rpms, kernel, HBA driver, configuring SAN Disks, multipathing and LVM file system. ● Installation and administration of VERITAS Cluster Manager (VCM), VERITAS Volume Manager (VVM). ● Supporting and troubleshooting of Red hat systems 24/7. ● Performed system administration tasks like system monitoring, performance usage, network support, and user support. ● Created and scheduled cron tasks for file update, system back up or removal of unnecessary files.  Environment: REDHAT 6.x,5.x, Ubuntu, CentOS AIX 4.3/.5.2/5.3/6.1/7.1, SMSAP, TSM, Nortel Switches, windows2000, HACMP Clusters, PowerHA, SAN, NIM, IBM HTTP server, WAS 4.0/5.0, VERITAS, DB2.Linux AdministratorAlly Financial - Fort Washington, PA-February 2014 to December 2015Responsibilities: ● Installation/Maintenance of Hardware/Software in Production, Development &amp; Test Environment as an integral part of the Unix/Linux (RHEL 5.x / 6.2, SuSE/AIX) Support team. ● Worked on installation, configuration and maintenance of Red Hat, Cent OS, Ubuntu, SUSE, AIX and Windows servers. ● Installed and configured RedHat Satellite server for package transfer across servers, to store client's system profile and to control other servers in the network. ● Configured LVM and managed it. ● Experience with kick start installation on multiple servers. ● Worked with KVM Hypervisor to install, configure and maintain Red Hat Linux. ● Capacity Planning, Infrastructure design and ordering systems. ● Using VMware vCenter, created DataCenter Environment by creating VMware Clusters, adding ESX hosts in the clusters, and implemented HA and DRS. ● Created and scheduled Cron Jobs such as for Backup, System Monitoring and removed unnecessary files. ● Implemented day-to-day tasks in RedHat Linux that include upgrading rpms, kernel, HBA driver, configuring SAN Disks, multipathing and LVM file system ● Installed, configured, maintained and administered the network servers DNS, DHCP, NIS, NFS, SENDMAIL. ● Worked with DBA's to install RDBMS database, restore and generate logs. ● Supported physical servers and virtualized servers. Worked with other engineers to support SANs and Oracle VMWare hosts. ● Involved in adding new disks, formatting, partitioning, disk space allocation, monitoring system performance, system tuning, and crash recovery issues. ● Experience with installation and maintenance of NFS, FTP and Samba for file sharing. ● Built Linux servers using VMWare ESX and VMWare ESXi. ● Created Virtual disks/Virtual Target devices to allocate SAN Luns virtually to the VIO clients. ● Set up repositories for Redhat, implemented YUM, SSH and other security tools. ● Implemented RAID techniques and created disk groups and volumes using VERITAS Volume manager. ● Maintained Load balancing, High availability, Failover functionality and Disaster recovery included ● Provided 24/7 on call supports in debugging and fixing issues related to Redhat and SuSE Linux.  Environment: Linux (RHEL 4.x &amp;5.x), AIX 6.1, Oracle 11/10g, SUN Servers, SUN Fires, Samba, Perl, Shell Scripting, Bash, SUSE 11/10, VERITAS Volume Manager (VVM), F5 Load balancers, SiteMinder5.5/4.5, EMC Storage SAN, VERITAS Cluster Server (VCS).System AdministratorMEIL - Hyderabad, Telangana-June 2011 to September 2013Responsibilities ● Primary responsibility includes building and supporting Solaris/Redhat Linux 3,4 servers. ● Installation and configuring of SUN Solaris and Linux servers. ● Involved in Building and configuring Solaris 8/9/10 using Jump start server and Red Hat Linux Servers using KickStart server as required for the project. Maintained maximum uptime and maximum performance capacity for Enterprise Production, QA, and UAT/Staging. ● Experience in Installing and Configuring Puppet, MySQL, Tomcat on RHEL ● Extensive use of VERITAS Volume Manager for Disk management, file system management on Sun Solaris environment. ● Setup and Configuration of Puppet Configuration Management. ● Implemented Puppet modules to automate configuration of Upgrading the linux kernel and Managing persistent SSH tunnels ● Implemented day-to-day tasks in RHEL and CentOS that includes upgrading kernel, configuring, multi-pathing, NAS Mount and Unmounts. ● Developed Puppet modules to automate deployment, configuration, and lifecycle management of key clusters. ● Created Zetabyte file system (ZFS) in Solaris 10. Created zpools. Exported ZFS from local zones to local zones. ● Expertise in Linux backup/restore with tar including disk partitioning and formatting. ● Regular disk management like adding / replacing hot swappable drives on existing servers/workstations, partitioning according to requirements, creating new file systems or growing existing one over the hard drives and managing file systems. ● Planned, scheduled and Implemented OS patches on both Solaris &amp; Linux boxes as a part of proactive maintenance. ● Extensive experience in installing, integrating, tuning and troubleshooting Apache, Tomcat, WebSphere and Weblogic application server. ● Implemented SUDO, SSH and other security tools and implemented SOX (Sarbanes Oxley) security compliance. ● Monitoring CPU, memory, iSCSI disks, disk controllers, physical disk, HW and SW RAID, multipath, file systems, network using the tools NAGIOS and BMC Tools. ● Assisted in configuring the application servers with other components such as database, web servers, LDAP directory, Active Directory, BEA Web logic etc. ● Extensive use of VERITAS Volume Manager for Disk management, file system management on Sun Solaris environment. ● Created Zetabyte file system (ZFS) in Solaris 10. Created zpools. Exported ZFS from local zones to local zones. ● Installation and configuration VERITAS NetBackup on Sun Severs and performing Backup using VERITAS Net Backup.  Environment: Solaris 8/9/10, Red Hat Linux 4/5/6, BMC Tools, NAGIOS, VERITAS NetBackup, Korn Shell, Bash Scripting, Puppet, MySQL, VERITAS Volume Manager, web servers, LDAP directory, Active Directory, BEA Web logic servers, Json, SANSwitches, Apache, Tomcat WebSphere, Weblogic application server.Linux AdministratorTERIX - Hyderabad, Telangana-June 2009 to May 2011Responsibilities: ● Installation, administration, configuration of RHEL 5/6 including package management, patch management, regular system administration tasks. ● Developed and supported the Red Hat Enterprise Linux based infrastructure in the cloud environment. ● Installed Redhat Linux on bare metal servers and virtual machines using kick start and hardening the servers. ● Creating, cloning Linux Virtual Machines, templates using VMware Virtual Client 3.5 and migrating servers between ESX hosts. ● Security, Backup, Disaster Recovery, Performance monitoring and Fine-tuning of UNIX systems on different OS levels. ● Running jobs and applying patches using HP Server Automation Tool (HPSA) ● Participated in migrating environment from 4.x to latest 5.x version. ● Creating logical volumes, extending the file systems using both LVM and VxVM 4.1. ● Perform daily maintenance routines on Linux servers, monitoring system access, managing file space and tuning the system for optimum performance. ● Respond to all UNIX systems problems 24x7 as a part of on call rotation and resolving them on a timely basis. ● Set up user and group login ID, printing parameters, network configuration, password, resolving permissions issues, user and group quota. ● Worked with design and features of the system architecture. ● Worked and performed data-center operations including rack mounting, cabling. ● Worked on various applications and improving their performance by performance tuning and analysis. ● Expertise in Querying RDBMS such as Oracle and MYSQL by using SQL for Data integrity. ● Responsible for change management, troubleshooting and resolution of server issues for end users support. ● Installing and configuring Apache and supporting them on Linux production servers. ● Writing shell scripts for Automated Back- ups and Cron Jobs. ● Responsible for maintenance of development tools and utilities and to maintain shell, Perl automation Scripts. ● Worked with CFEngine for handling hosts in clouds. ● Tuning kernel parameters for optimum performance. ● Experienced in Troubleshooting critical hardware and software issues and other day-to-day user trouble tickets. ● Monitored server and application performance &amp; tuning via various stat commands (vmstat, nfsstat, iostatetc) and tuned I/O, memory, etc. ● Assist System Administrators with various support issues. ● Administration, package installation, configuration of OEL 5.4and preparing the servers for Oracle RAC installation and adding nodes to the cluster. ● Updated DNS configuration based on the new servers that are rolled out. ● Designing Firewall rules for new servers to enable communication with application, Oracle 10g servers.  Environment: VERITAS NetBackup, VERITAS Volume Manager, Samba, NFS, NIS, LVM, Linux, Shell Programming, SQL, ActiveDirectory, Json, Nunit, BEA Web logic servers.EducationBachelor of Technology in TechnologyJNTU - Hyderabad, TelanganaSkillsFILE (8 years), VERITAS (8 years), VERITAS VOLUME MANAGER (8 years), VOLUME MANAGER (8 years), APACHE (6 years)Additional InformationTECHNICAL SKILLS  Operating Systems RHEL 4, 5, 6, 7, Solaris 8, 9, 10, Ubuntu 10.04, 12.04, SuSE 9, 10, 11 Hardware HP Proliant, Blade servers, Sun Servers E4500, E6500, E6900, E10K, E15K, E25K, V280, V490, V880, V890, M3000, M4000, M5000, T5120, T5220, T5420, T4-1, T4-2, T5-1, Dell PowerEdge R710, R720, R810, R820, DMX3 and DMX4 Storage Arrays, EMC Symmetrix and CLARiiON.  Software VERITAS Volume Manager, VERITAS File System, VERITAS Cluster Server, VERITAS Netbackup, MS- Office/MS-Project. Web/ Application Server Tomcat, Apache DB2, Oracle R11&amp;R12 Network Protocols DHCP, DNS, SNMP, SMTP, Ethernet, IOS, netstat, NFS, NIS, nslookup, RIP, OSPF, BGP, TCP/IP, and tcpdump. Cluster Environment VERITAS Cluster Servers, Oracle RAC, Redhat Cluster Programming Languages C, SQL, HTML, PHP, XML, Json, Ruby, Perl and Shell Programming, JSP, Python  PROFESSIONAL SUMMARYEmail Linux AdministratorDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 1, 2018©2018 Indeed
Research AssistantUniversity of Puerto Rico Humacao - Humacao, PR-August 2012 to May 2013Responsibilities Develop parallel programs to optimize molecular dynamics computations and illustrate 3D  Accomplishments Parallel development using GPU, super computers with 8-core processing and graphics cards with hundreds of cores  Skills Used C++, GPU, Cuda, Ubuntu unixTutoring in ASMACDepartment of Mathematics University of Puerto Rico Humacao - Humacao, PR-August 2010 to May 2013Tutoring in mathematics, programming and ComputersEighth interuniversity programming competitioncomputer science department university of PR in Bayamon - Bayamón, PR-February 2010 to February 2010Accomplishments Second place in the programming competition  Skills Used C++EducationComputational MathematicsUniversity of Puerto Rico Humacao - Humacao, Puerto Rico, USLiberal School of Músic HumacaoSchool Juan Maunez PimentelSkillsoffice, excel, access, c++, java, vb, c#, asp.net, html5, mysql, php, perl, unix system (5 years)Email Research AssistantDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 17, 2018©2018 Indeed
Software EngineerGoogle Inc-October 2017 to PresentGoogle Fiber (Access and Infrastructure) Google Fiber Infrastructure team develops and maintains the Weaver/Iceberg platform and necessary pipelines used by the field engineers and network designers to design and maintain the network designs, pre and post launch of Fiber in a city. Role: Software Engineer Responsibilities: ● Worked on Weaver feature enhancements. ● Worked on Address sync and curation tools from various sources to Address database using Golang. ● Enhanced Weaver with capability to view Address Histories. ● Worked on migrating code and data from using a heavier feature protobuf to light weight protobufs. ● Worked on configurations and deployment of borg jobs. ● Worked on enhancing Fiber eligibility service using Golang. Environment: C++, Golang, Protobufs, Spanner database, Gerrit/Critique, Borg/Kubernetes, GRPC, Linux.Senior Software EngineerDigital Insight (an NCR owned company) - Los Angeles, CA-October 2015 to September 2017Interfaces Interfaces is the gateway to multiple Data Processing Vendors(DPV). For a FI customer to do banking, the requests have to go through a particular interface to the DPV and fetch the necessary information. Role: Senior Software Engineer Responsibilities: ● Developed User Centric based Interface for Portico Host. ● Designed and Implement new features in Interface to Bankway and ITI Connect3. ● Worked on various Interfaces while addressing Production issues. ● Developed a bulk feed updater in Golang which parses bank customer information and stores in the database. Environment: C++, Golang, Python, LinuxApplication EngineerGoogle Inc-October 2014 to June 2015Gmail Anti-spam Gmail Spam and Abuse Team, handles the spam and abuse mails filtering for individual and enterprise customers. This team owns the Spam Classification Server which consists of feature computers and involves in computing the features for each message passing through the pipeline and gets classified. Role: Application Engineer Responsibilities: ● Designed and Implemented feature_sentiment. ● Added precheck submits for scs config, and inbound rules. ● Wrote Unit test cases using GTest/Python/SWIG. Environment: C++, Golang, GRPC, Python, SWIG, Linux.Principal Software EngineerSymantec Corporation-March 2014 to October 2014StarScan Starscan from Symantec, is cloud based anti-spam and anti-malware SAAS software. The SMTP Mail channels and the messages exchanged to and fro by the clients are constantly filtered for messages containing spam and malware. Role: Principal Software Engineer Responsibilities: ● Designed and Implemented DMARC related feature enhancements into Starscan. ● Designed and Implemented code changes to replace LDAP with rbldnsd and integrate it into StarScan anti-spam modules. ● Develop scripts to monitor and send status of various Starscan queue to the F5 load balancer. ● Deploy Starscan in Data centers and monitoring the performance of the new deployments. Environment: C++, STL, Python, LinuxSenior EngineerYahoo Inc-March 2013 to February 2014Guaranteed Display Ads Guaranteed display ads (GD2) is the second generation serving system. Its prime objective is to select the best guaranteed booking (contract/demand) to display for every ad opportunity. The different components involved in GD2 Serving are FAC, GDFE, UPS, CDS, CM Rise, ADS, CADS. Role: Senior Engineer Responsibilities: ● Implemented the Companion Ad Logic in GDFE and CM Rise modules. ● Implemented CADS with YDISC infrastructure. ● Implemented monitoring scripts and service metrics for ADS and CADS components. ● Implemented Orca feature (a SOA architecture feature) in all components. ● Implemented changes required in Cluster Controller, a Continuous Integration (CI) tool on rhel6. ● Deployment (and rollback, when needed) of software components in Data centers. ● Supported and addressed production issues at real-time. Environment: C++, STL, Boost, Python, LinuxSenior DeveloperSymantec Corporation-February 2012 to January 2013CASH &amp; ECAS BE CASH application, the Certificate Authority Key Management Tool is the operator interface to the cryptographic functions and procedures used to generate, process and manage digital certificates and keys. This tool is used by Processing center. MMAVIS the Control Center where the Customer CSRs are evaluated and approved by Symantec Customer support  Role: Senior Developer Responsibilities: ● Implemented enhancements for Cryptographic tools used by Symantec. ● Implement the DSA (PKI Security) algorithm in the CASH application presentation layer. ● Involved in making enhancements to CASH to recognize and integrate with LunaSA HSM. ● Enhancing MMAVIS and ECAS BE java modules to include the DSA changes. Environment: C++, Java, Apache web server, Linux Hardware Security Modules: SafeNet Luna CA3/CA4/SA, AEP Networks Keyper.C++ Technical LeadAir WorldWide-April 2011 to February 2012CATRADER AIR Worldwide (AIR) is the scientific leader and provider of risk modeling software and consulting services. CATRADER® is the industry standard for analyzing reinsurance contracts and insurance-linked securities. Re-insurers, insurers, reinsurance intermediaries, and investors across the world rely on CATRADER for analyzing and pricing catastrophe risk transfer alternatives. Role: C++ Technical Lead Responsibilities: ● Solely responsible for implementing the Custom lines and Custom models of Business. ● Enhanced the engine module for the custom lines. ● Responsible for enhancing the server side Perl packaging module for the data files. ● Responsible for enhancing the client to pull the IDF files from the server. ● Writing stored procedures to fetch the configuration data at the application startup. Environment: C/C++, STL, LinuxC++ Technical LeadSymantec Corporation-October 2009 to April 2011Norton Security Products Symantec is provider of the worlds' leading computer security products suite NIS, Norton AV and N360. Was solely responsible for 'Reputation Scan', which was new feature in Norton security suite version 2011. Role: C++ Technical Lead Responsibilities: ● Solely responsible for implementing the Reputation Scan feature, available in v2011. ● Designed and developed the multi-threaded UI module. ● Built the communication between the modules using named pipes and sockets. ● Integration with the TI scripts to provide data to the SymHtml. ● Build communication between layers using sockets and Networking protocols(TCP/IP and UDP). Environment: Visual Studio, VC++, STL, MFC, WindowsIdentity and Access Management(IAM) solutionComputer Associates Inc-August 2005 to August 2009which provides single gateway to automate access to multiple applications. Allows organization level administrators to control access to users. Role: Technical lead  Responsibilities: ● Responsible for coding the SSO Interpreter commands for HLLAPI clients. ● Solely implemented the SSL protocol for the client server communication using sockets. ● Communication between authentication agents and client using TCP/IP. ● Implementation of SSOP protocol using ElGamal encryption. ● Implemented RSA authentication. Environment: C/C++, Python, Oracle.  II. Service Level Management Unicenter Service Metric Analysis (SMA) is a comprehensive service monitoring, network management and web-based reporting solution that helps network and system administrators, and business managers understand and manage predefined service goals across all IT resources.  Role: C/C++ Technical lead Responsibilities: ● Responsible for implementing appagent for measuring service response time and availability. ● Responsible for implementing wmiCollect for collecting WMI based metrics. ● Implemented enhancement request for snmpCollect module implemented in Perl. ● Implemented the Oracle queries to push the data into database, and refining data. ● Implemented agents to server communication using sockets and TCP/IP. ● Responsible for enhancing the embedded pl/sql statements and stored procedures. Environment: C++, Oracle database, Apache, Linux  III. Erwin Data modeler Erwin Data modeler is targeted at database designers, modelers and administrators. Erwin data modeler supports 17 databases supporting all the database specific features as well. Erwin is the leader in data modeling domain for six consecutive years. Role: Senior C++ Developer Responsibilities: ● Solely responsible for evaluating third party parsers, and providing consolidated report. ● Responsible for implementing the parser logic for MS-SQL Server 2010. ● Responsible for implementing reverse engineering MS-SQL Server 2010 into Erwin. ● Coding for enhancements in Erwin orchestrator and Reporting modules. Environment: Visual C++ 6.0, ATL, MFC, COM, Oracle, MS-SQL Server.EducationMaster of Computer Applications in Computer ApplicationsOsmania University - Hyderabad, TelanganaSkillsC++ (10+ years), LINUX (10+ years), PYTHON (3 years), TCP/IP (5 years), Golang (3 years), Java (4 years)Additional InformationTechnical skills  Languages/Technologies: C++, Java, Golang Operating Systems: Linux, MacOS Frameworks/Libraries: GRPC, STL, Boost Protocols Protobuf, JSON, XML, REST Networking Protocols: TCP/IP, UDP, SSL/TLS Databases: Google Spanner, MySQL, PostgreSQL Scripting languages Python, Shell IDE/Tools/Utilities: VIM, Eclipse, Gdb Web Technologies: HTML, JavaScript, CSS Version Control Git, Perforce Development Methodologies Waterfall, Agile, TDD Test/Mock tools GTest, GMockEmail Software EngineerDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 8, 2018©2018 Indeed
Linux AdministratorMECU of Baltimore - Baltimore, MD-April 2016 to Present* Creates and manages user accounts, security, rights, disk space and process monitoring in RHEL, CentOS, and Solaris. * Creates Linux virtual machines using VMware VCenter. * Installs, configures, and upgrades RHEL using Kickstart servers. * Creates and extends physical volumes and volume groups and resize existing logical volumes for additional space requirements. * Installs, configures, and supports DNS, NFS, SAMBA, and Apache services. * Installs, upgrades and manages packages via RPM and YUM package management * Installs firmware upgrades, kernel patches, systems configuration, performance tuning on Unix/Linux systems. * Manages patches configuration, version control, service packs. * Manages systems routine backups, schedules cron jobs, and performs administrative tasks using crontab. * Creates scripts with Bourne shell [sh] and Bourne Again shell [bash] * Implements Linux host security on all servers, complying with industry standards. * Efficiently and accurately builds, documents, and deploys the agreed upon IT system solutions to meet business timelines and support needs. * Monitors system activities and optimizes system performance by modifying parameters and configurations. * Works with Database Administrators to tune kernel for Oracle installations. * Provides 24/7 technical support to production and development environments. * Implements COTS installations, changes, upgrades, and patches. * Documents all setup procedures and System related Policies (SOP's).Systems AdministratorMECU of Baltimore - Baltimore, MD-September 2013 to April 2016Troubleshot Linux and Windows desktop environments and helped resolve software and application problems. Performed system backups and maintained the local area network. Added new network points and users to the LAN and managed users on both Linux (RHEL) and Windows Server platforms. Managed user accounts, shells, and security in Linux. Select Highlights: * Performed security patches on Linux OS and all installed applications. * Troubleshot and resolved DNS, DHCP, VPN, NFS and Apache related issues. * Assisted in the design and implementation of existing and new technologies/services in support of program project initiatives. * Monitored and provided daily reports on system performance to help pinpoint performance issues. * Created and documented temporary and permanent sudo permissions on several systems for teams and 3rd party vendors. * Added new users and groups and performed end-of-day transactions and backups on customer accounts. * Involved in VMware ESX VSphere virtualization, created virtual machines, and performed P2V and P2P migrations. * Created and requested certificates from Certification Authority (CA) and deployed approved certificates to management servers. * Utilized BMC Track-It to manage IT help desk tickets and change management requests/procedures. * Configured ILO and iDRAC, and updated systems with the latest packages. * Created scripts to automate administrative tasks using cron jobs. * Participated in on-call rotational/evening support to resolve critical issues 24/7. * Documented all setup procedures and system related policies. * Appointed to the Information Security Committee. Assisted with implementing the Data Classification program and reviewing the Business Continuity Plan.Network AnalystMECU of Baltimore - Baltimore, MD-January 2012 to September 2013Tested and deployed critical Windows and 3rd party application patches. Reviewed internal and external network vulnerability scan results. Monitored IDS/IPS logs and reported incidents. Reported network security compliance incidents. Performed network configurations on Cisco switches and routers. Select Highlights: * Performed application and database server migrations to Windows Server 2008. * Provided network assistance and support on Tier-2/3 level calls. * Participated in network decommissioning at the previous headquarters location. * Updated disaster recovery procedures and participated in annual DR testing. * Integrated the change management process with the help desk application to enhance requests and facilitate audit evaluations. * Created scripts to automate end-of-month processes for critical software supporting MECU's Checking and Savings products, reducing process completion by 7 man-hours. * Implemented new network device inventory solution and updated the policy/procedure. * Overhauled the Active Directory structure and updated Group Policy objects. * Performed upgrade of core application deployments to all workstations. * Technical lead on patch management solution migration to SolarWinds Patch Manager. * Implemented new FTPS solution, and blacklisted cloud storage services. * Assisted with testing and implementing new network infrastructure for corporate headquarters relocation.Help Desk SpecialistMECU of Baltimore - Baltimore, MD-March 2011 to January 2012Provided Tier-1 technical assistance and support for 400+ employees using BMC Track-It. Troubleshot Windows OS and application related issues. Maintained hard drive image configurations for new workstation deployments. Installed and troubleshot workstations, applications, and peripheral equipment. Setup new employees and deactivated separated employees in the AD and MS Exchange. Configured and troubleshot mobile devices. Select Highlights: * Tested and implemented new workstation cloning and deployment solution. * Replaced all workstations in migration from Windows XP to Windows 7. * Installed and configured workstations and peripheral equipment for 3 new branches.EducationMaster of Science in IT Information AssuranceUniversity of Maryland University College - Adelphi, MDDecember 2015Bachelor of Science in MathematicsUniversity of Maryland - College Park, MDMay 2010SkillsAPACHE (3 years), DNS (6 years), NFS (4 years), VMWARE (6 years), FTP (4 years), DHCP (6 years), LDAP (5 years), VLAN (6 years), SSH (6 years), Bash Script (5 years), Shell Script (5 years), VPN (7 years), Active Directory (6 years), Crontab (4 years), Patch Management (6 years), ACL (6 years), SMB (4 years), Kickstart (ks) (3 years), NETWORK FILE SYSTEM (7 years), LAMP (2 years), Salt (3 years)Certifications/LicensesCompTIA Security+ CEMay 2020Additional InformationTECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES  Operating Systems: Windows Server […] RHEL &amp; CentOS 4/5/6/7, Fedora, Solaris 11  Applications: SolarWinds Log and Event Manager (SIEM), SolarWinds Patch Manager, Nessus, Symantec Endpoint Protection, BMC Track-It (ITSM), VMware vCenter, Triton AP-Web, Veeam, Nimble, Cisco AnyConnect, RSA SecurID, NetApp, Ansible, Apache HTTP, Apache Tomcat, Apache Subversion, F5 Big-IP, LAMP, Salt, Red Hat Satellite, Spacewalk  Servers: DNS, DC, WSUS, VPN, MS Exchange, DHCP, FTP, NFS, Apache Web  Protocols: TCP/IP, WAN/LAN, VLAN, NAT/PAT, DHCP, LDAP, SNMP, SMTP, POP3, IMAP, SSH, FTPS  Languages: Bash, Shell, Python, VBScriptEmail Linux AdministratorDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 12, 2018©2018 Indeed
Data Scientist intern (unpaid)GAC R&D center - San Jose, CA-August 2018 to Present• Used Ubuntu, Hadoop and Spark system • Conducted machine learning, deep learning in car design projectData ScientistTechnology, Co., Ltd - Beijing, CN-June 2017 to August 2017• Conducted deep learning research( GANs, LSTM) using tensorflow • Did project on off-balance financing monitor for Beijing government using machine learning • Found potential indicator database using finance knowledge • Used PCA in feature engineering to analyze high dimensional data • Used clustering technique K-Means to identify outliers and to classify unlabeled data. • Application of various machine learning algorithm and statistical modeling like decision tree, logistic regression, SVM, neural network, deep learning to detect fraud • Evalued models using Cross Validation, ROC curves and used AUC for feature selectionQuantitative analyst and investment managerTianxinsheng Hedge fund - Beijing, CN-May 2012 to December 2016Beijing • Conducted research effort in alpha/predictive models based on factors; develop and backtest quantitative strategies using adaboost algorithm with Python • Conducted research on using customer's data to find the predicted default rate using logistic model • Developed index future strategies, option arbitrage strategies using SAS and MatlabQuantitative AnalystShenyin&wanguo Securities - Shanghai, CN-April 2010 to May 2012Shanghai, China • Conducted research on high frequency trading using huge tick data • Collaborated with quantitative investment teams to improve existing and develop new models for quantitative strategies, particularly, the leading and lagging relation between index future and A-share index • Conducted research on macroeconomics and wrote macroeconomics report  PROJECTS AND ACTIVITIES: • Conducted deep learning research( GAN) using tensorflow to conduct computer vision research, NIU, 2018 • Conducted research on economics model in AI era using dynamic systems and ODE, with Professor Qingkai Kong, Maya Mincheva, NIU, 2018EducationPh.D in ManagementPeking UniversitySeptember 2005 to January 2010visiting PhD in Finance and EconomicsColumbia UniversitySeptember 2007 to March 2009B.A in StatisticsCentral University of Finance and EconomicsJuly 2002Master's in computational mathsNorthern Illinois University - DeKalb, ILSkillsPython (4 years), R (3 years), Matlab (8 years), SAS (10+ years), C++ (6 years), SQL (3 years)Certifications/LicensesCFA Level II CandidateEmail Data Scientist intern (unpaid)Download ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 17, 2018©2018 Indeed
Ubuntu - Storrs, CT-January 2018 to May 2018• Hands-on design and measurement of optical systems and components. • Conducted structured experiments and design projects such as; Lens systems and imaging, fiber-optic communications and fiber-optic sensors, diffraction and Fourier Optics, interferometry, etc. Introduction to Robotics (ECE 4095), Storrs CT 01/2017 - 05/2016 • Collaborated with two classmates to build an automated vehicle with the ability to locate and retrieve a specified object using computer vision. • Utilized Visual Studio in conjunction with OpenCV libraries to track objects. • Used SolidWorks to 3-D print vehicle parts.TutorUbuntu - Storrs, CT-January 2018 to May 2018Twi (conversational), Italian(conversational), French (beginner)Ubuntu - Storrs, CT-September 2017 to May 2018ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING PROJECTS Senior Design Project, Storrs, CT 09/2017-05/2018 Mobius Solaris, Sponsored by the University of Connecticut Electrical Engineering Department • Acquire the position of the Sun and reflect a rainbow onto a building using photoresistor and Raspberry Pi. • Utilize the Raspberry Pi to host a website for the Mobius Solaris where information, such as the system's angle, light sensor reading and error indications can be found.MemberInstitute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers - Storrs, CT-September 2015 to May 2018MemberInstitute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers - Storrs, CT-September 2015 to May 2018PID controllerSignals Analysis and Design - Storrs, CT-May 2016 to January 2017to stabilize an inverted pendulum. • Derived the appropriate state space equations given an equation of motion • Utilized Simulink to create block diagrams and tested the effectiveness of the controller • Tested the derived controller values against a miniature Segway as a prototype for a larger scale inverted pendulum.Signals and Systems - Storrs, CT-January 2016 to May 2016Designed a digital audio crossover using MATLAB for a three-way speaker system which decomposed a music file and white noise using lowpass, bandpass and highpass filters.Electrical Circuits - Storrs, CT-September 2015 to December 2015Collaborated with two classmates to design and build an audio mixer which combined a dynamic microphone and a music signal as an input. • Utilized PSPICE to simulate the physical properties of the circuit. EXTRA-CARRICULAR ACTIVITIESEducationBachelor of Science in EngineeringUniversity of Connecticut - Storrs, CTMay 2018SkillsC++ (Less than 1 year), INDUCTION (Less than 1 year), JAVA (Less than 1 year), MULTIMETER (Less than 1 year), OSCILLOSCOPE (Less than 1 year)Additional InformationTECHNICAL SKILLS • Programming Languages: MATLAB, Java, Python, C++ • Hardware: Digital multimeter, oscilloscope; Induction machines, DC machines; Raspberry Pi • Simulation Tools: PSPICE; LogicWorks; SOLIDWORKS; EagleEmail Job SeekerDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: May 9, 2018©2018 Indeed
Python DeveloperMolina Healthcare - Long Beach, CA-September 2016 to PresentResponsibilities: ❖ Participate in requirement gathering and analysis phase of the project in documenting the business requirements by conducting workshops/meetings with various business users. ❖ Worked with team of developers on Python applications for RISK management. ❖ Developed Python/Django application for Google Analytics aggregation and reporting. ❖ Used Django configuration to manage URLs and application parameters. ❖ Worked on Python Open stack API's. ❖ Used Python scripts to update content in the database and manipulate files. ❖ Generated Python Django Forms to record data of online users ❖ Used Python and Django creating graphics, XML processing, data exchange and business logic implementation ❖ Used Pandas API to put the data as time series and tabular format for east timestamp data manipulation and retrieval. ❖ Added support for Amazon AWS S3 and RDS to host static/media files and the database into Amazon Cloud. ❖ Used Pandas library for statistical Analysis. ❖ Developed tools using Python, Shell scripting, XML to automate some of the menial tasks. Interfacing with supervisors, artists, systems administrators and production to ensure production deadlines are met. ❖ Worked very closely with designer, tightly integrating Flash into the CMS with the use of Flashvars stored in the Django models. Also, created XML with Django to be used by the Flash. ❖ Used HTML, CSS, JQuery, JSON and Javascript for front end applications. ❖ Designed and developed the UI of the website using HTML, XHTML, AJAX, CSS and JavaScript. ❖ Also used Bootstrap as a mechanism to manage and organize the html page layout. ❖ Used Django configuration to manage URLs and application parameters. ❖ Wrote and executed various MYSQL database queries from Python using Python-MySQL connector and MySQLdb package. ❖ Involved in development of Web Services using SOAP for sending and getting data from the external interface in the XML format. ❖ Worked on development of SQL and stored procedures on MYSQL. ❖ Responsible for debugging the project monitored on JIRA (Agile). ❖ Performed troubleshooting, fixed and deployed many Python bug fixes of the two main applications that were a main source of data for both customers and internal customer service team.  Environment: Python, Amazon AWS S3, MySQL, HTML, Python 2.7, Django 1.4, HTML5, CSS, XML, MySQL, MS SQL Server, JavaScript, AWS, Linux, Shell Scripting, AJAX, Cassandra.Python DeveloperCharles Schwab - Austin, TX-August 2013 to September 2016Responsibilities: ❖ Generated Python Django Forms to record data of online users. ❖ Created PHP/MySQL back-end for data entry from Flash. I had to assist the Flash developer send the correct data via query strings. ❖ Developed monitoring and notification tools using Python. ❖ Created Data tables utilizing PyQt to display patient and policy information and add, delete, update patient records. ❖ Wrote Python routines to log into the websites and fetch data for selected options. ❖ Designed Cassandra schema for the APIs. ❖ Handled all the client side validation using Javascript. ❖ Good experience with Oops concepts. ❖ Designed and created backend data access modules using PL/SQL stored procedures and Oracle. ❖ Good experience in writing SQL Queries and implementing stored procedures, functions, packages, tables, views, Cursors, triggers. ❖ Experience in using collections in Oracle for manipulating and looping through different user defined objects. ❖ Developed Python/Django application for Google Analytics aggregation and reporting. ❖ Developed and executed User Acceptance Testing portion of test plan. ❖ Generated Python Django forms to record data of online users and used PyTest for writing test cases. ❖ Involved in capturing the requirements for serial functional interface and other software requirements specification document.  Environment: Python, MySQL, Django, Cassandra, Flask, PHP, XML, Linux, HTML, Java script, Windows.Python DeveloperBank of America - Dallas, TX-July 2010 to August 2013Responsibilities: ❖ Responsible for gathering requirements, system analysis, design, development, testing and deployment. ❖ Involved in development of Web Services using SOAP for sending and getting data from the external interface in the XML format. ❖ Participated in the complete SDLC process. ❖ Designed and developed the UI of the website using HTML, XHTML, AJAX, CSS and JavaScript. ❖ Created a Python based GUI application For Freight Tracking and processing. ❖ Used Django framework for application development. ❖ Developing applications using RESTFUL architecture using Node.js and PHP as backend languages. ❖ Implemented the validation, error handling, and caching framework with Oracle Coherence cache. ❖ Good experience with Test Driven Development. ❖ Created database using MySQL, wrote several queries to extract data from database. ❖ Setup automated con jobs to upload data into database, generate graphs, bar charts, upload these charts to wiki, and backup the database. ❖ Wrote scripts in Python/Oracle for extracting data from HTML file. ❖ Effectively communicated with the external vendors to resolve queries. ❖ Used Perforce for the version control.  Environment: Python 2.7, Django 1.4, HTML5, CSS, XML, MySQL, JavaScript, Backbone JS, JQuery, Mongo DB, MS SQL Server, JavaScript, Git, GitHub, AWS, Linux, Shell Scripting, AJAX, JAVA.Jr. Python DeveloperFiserv - Dallas, TX-June 2007 to July 2010Responsibilities: ❖ Used SDLC process and used PHP to develop website functionality. ❖ Designed and developed the UI of the website using HTML, NodeJS, XHTML, AJAX, CSS and JavaScript. ❖ Developed entire frontend and backend modules using Python on Django Web Framework on MySQL ❖ Used Django APIs for database access ❖ Designed and developed data management system using MySQL. Built application logic using Python 2.7. ❖ Used Django APIs for database access. ❖ Used Python to extract weekly hotel availability information from XML files using underscore JS. ❖ Parsed XML file using Python to extract data from database ❖ Participated in requirement gathering and worked closely with the architect in designing and modelling. ❖ Worked on development of SQL and stored procedures, trigger and function on MYSQL. ❖ Developed shopping cart for Library and integrated web services to access the payment (E-commerce). ❖ Designed and developed a horizontally scalable APIs using Python Flask. ❖ Designed Cassandra schema for the APIs ❖ Java implementation on given project ❖ Developed shopping cart for Library and integrated web services to access the payment. ❖ Used Php language on lamp server to develop page. ❖ Developed dynamic interaction page on .net MS visual basic-2014, using SQL developer tools.  Environment: Python 2.6/2.7, JavaScript, Django Framework 1.3, SQL, MySQL, LAMP, JQuery, Adobe Dreamweaver, Apache web server, PHP, Lamp, underscore JS. SQL developer tool.EducationBachelor'sSkillsDJANGO (10+ years), HTML (10+ years), JAVASCRIPT (10+ years), MYSQL (10+ years), PYTHON (10+ years)Additional InformationSkills Python, Django 1.4, MySQL, Windows, Linux, HTML, CSS, JQuery, JavaScript, Bash, Apache, Linux, AJAX, AWS EC Cloud, Amazon SQS/S3 JavaScript, HTML, DHTML, XHTML, XML, MySQL, SQL Server 2008, PostgreSQL , Git, SVN  TECHNICAL PROFICIENCY:  Programming Skills Python 2.7/2.4, Java, Shell script, Bash script, PL/SQL, ASP.net, MVC, WCF, WPF Framework Django, Contents Management system CMS, Django based CMS-Mezzanine Databases MySQL, SQL Server 2008, PostGRE SQL, NOSQL, Oracle Web Technologies AJAX, AWS EC cloud, Amazon S3, Java Script, HTML, DHTML, XHTML, XML Versioning Tools Git, SVN Web Servers Apache, Nginix, Tomcat, Web sphere Operating Systems Linux/Unix, Windows-98/NTEmail Python DeveloperDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 11, 2018©2018 Indeed
RECEPTIONISTUBUNTU POWER YOGA-2016 to 2017• Answering calls  • Managing schedules  • Opener/CloserSALES ASSOCIATEGAP INC-2014 to 2016• I oversaw the fitting room. • Accounted for money taken in by fellow sales associates after closing. • Making the customer happy is/was always the number one goal. • GreeterTeachers AssistantWorld of wonder - Hoboken, NJ-June 2017 EducationHigh School DiplomaDR. PHILLIPS HIGH SCHOOL2014BA in biologyUniversity of Pretoria - Pretoria, GautengSkillsRECEPTIONIST (1 year), CASHIER (5 years), Front Desk, Bilingual (3 years), Front OfficeAdditional InformationSkills &amp; Abilities • Personal shopper (Helping customers with outfits for Professional/personal events.) • Cashier • ReceptionistEmail RECEPTIONISTDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 14, 2018©2018 Indeed
Unix/ Linux Administrator - ContractorInsight Global LLC-2018 to Present• Built both physical and virtual servers for DXC supporting HPE, HPI, and Micro Focus. • Setup file systems for Unix/ Linux. • Installed directories Red Hat, CentOS, and SUSE.Lead TechnicianSmartSource Inc - Houston, TX-2016 to Present- Independent contract work managing IT equipment deployments and infrastructure upgrades for JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., Bank of America, BBVA Compass, Capital One, and Regions Bank.  • Installed ATMs, Servers, UPSs, routers, switches, PDUs, network printers, and CPUs for Diebold Nixdorf, Hewlett-Packard, Cisco, Emerson Geist, and Lexmark brands. • Wiping, decrypting, and reimaging device and controller hardware. Installation of new software, Card Readers, and Cash Dispensers. • Managing teams from 2-5 people.President - Global Consulting and Business DevelopmentGLTECH Sourcing Group - Houston, TX-2015 to PresentLiaison for helping generate additional revenue and sales through manufacturing partnerships  • Formed partnership between OEM manufacturer(s) and Distributor(s) for vendor managed services. • Helped create new industry diversification and development for both medium and large businesses. • Supported client(s) with auditing, analyzation of current supply-chain practices, and made recommendations for improvement. • Became contracted sales representative for machining, printed circuit boards, information technology services, and engineering services. • Facilitated HVAC partnership supporting global offshore oilfield services repair and replacement for Jack-up rigs. • Negotiated and led new product development commercial plan for high volume circuit board, motor, controller, and fan assembly.Management of Worldwide Sourcing and Material PositioningGLTECH Sourcing Group - Houston, TX-January 2015 to July 20151.4 Bil) - Houston Texas - (Jan. 2015 - July 2015) - Formerly known as ESI: Energy Services International, Inc. / Management of Worldwide Sourcing and Material Positioning 60 Million in revenue / Jacking and Crane systems, Inspection and Repair, full rig 360 quayside off-shore restoration.  GLOBAL SUPPLY-CHAIN DIRECTOR - Management of Worldwide Sourcing and Material Positioning. - 35MM Yearly Spend  • Developed solutions for both indirect and direct procurement for integration of 5 different companies acquisitioned into the Allrig portfolio. These included travel, Telecommunications, engineering services, freight agreements, welding supplies, gear boxes, large industrial machined castings, large industrial machined forgings, heat treatment, metallurgy, rough and precision machining, controls, misc. electronics, programmable logic controllers, variable frequency drives, and printed circuit boards. • Negotiated better relations with supplier base, facilitated cost avoidance of 2 million. • Provided buffer tool strategies, integration techniques, supplier development coordination, and facilitated weekly meetings between the Americas, Dubai, Singapore, and the Netherlands. • Introduced Supplier reduction , supplier integration, First Article Inspection, supplier onboarding, engineering work order request, engineering change order, debit memo process, and created forms to support leveraging spend and streamlining processes. • Managed several projects from vetting supply-base to leading completed implementation. • Put together long term plan to integrate SAP, Ariba, and Concur supporting end to end customer and supplier relationship management for travel, expense reporting, and contract management. • Focused on two main areas of concern: Cost Savings and Cost avoidance.SENIOR SOURCING SPECIALIST- Worldwide Sourcing - 60MM Yearly SpendCameron International - Houston, TX-May 2013 to December 2014Fortune 500)- Houston, TX - (May 2013 - Dec. 2014) / LeTourneau Aftermarket Off-Shore Division 10 Billion dollars in revenue / Pressure Control and Drilling Systems for on and off-shore Applications  SENIOR SOURCING SPECIALIST- Worldwide Sourcing - 60MM Yearly Spend  • Led developmental teams commercially for Cameron off Shore products supporting design and development (CAPex, Consulting) by awarding business to qualified contract manufacturers after acquisition of LeTourneau Technologies was completed. • Managed development and sustainability for commodities including large electric crane motors, PCBs, VFD and PLC controllers, cable harnesses, steel/ aluminum castings, gear boxes, large industrial machined castings, large industrial machined forgings, heat treatment, metallurgy, rough and precision machining. Created and maintained approval for expenditures on projects. • Provided over 3 Million in cost savings against PPV within supply chain operations by leveraging and analyzing volume, price, and total costs of ownership. Reduced Customer backlog by 66 % in 7 months creating an additional 15 million in revenue generation. Improved customer delivery performance from 20 % to 55 % in 6 months. • Supported development of both Production and Aftermarket products for sustaining continuity of supply requiring ABS and DNV certifications. • Established a motor rebuild and replenishment program based upon customer inventories and needs. • Promoted life cycle management business practices to influence design, manufacturing, distribution, customer sales, and end of life business. Closed Loop Supply-Chain. • Eliminated Backlog, created ease of use kitting for Aftermarket, provided customer specific solutions related to controllers, circuit boards, and electric motors by employing design engineering.SENIOR PROCUREMENT SPECIALIST - Worldwide Sourcing - 80MM Yearly SpendHalliburton Energy Services - Houston, TX-January 2011 to April 2013Fortune 500) - Houston, TX - (Jan. 2011 - April 2013) / Sperry Engineering Technology Division for Downhole Directional Drilling 18 Billion dollars in revenue / Drilling, Evaluation, Completion, and Production  SENIOR PROCUREMENT SPECIALIST - Worldwide Sourcing - 80MM Yearly Spend  • Supported all electronic Procurement needs for Sperry Engineering Technology printed circuit board development related to Directional Drilling &amp; Surveying, Measurement-While-Drilling/Logging-While-Drilling, Surface Data Logging (SDL) new product tools and equipment. • Assisted in buyer training for SAP Frictionless integration supporting P2P supplier relationship management program.(RFI, RFQ, RFP) • Purchased Custom Micro-circuitry at military grade and beyond for harsh environments • Negotiated Engineering Services for Halliburton engineering Technology. Supported and facilitated several projects for logging, software development, environmental chambers, computers, test equipment, and training /drilling simulators. • Worked directly with Engineering and Program management on various down-hole drilling projects providing inventory replenishment, supplier selection and development. • Health, Safety, and Environmental coordinator for Procurement Technology Team. • Negotiated contracts: including master purchase agreements (service, product related, CAPex, consulting. engineering services), Non-disclosure agreements, and letters of intent between Halliburton Legal department and suppliers. • Conducted supplier reviews, score cards, and supplier site audits.Goodman Manufacturing - Houston, TX-September 2008 to December 2010North America Production and Aftermarket 2.6 Billion HVAC ManufacturerCORPORATE BUYERWorldwide Sourcing-2008 to 2010- 223MM Yearly Spend  • Negotiated pricing contracts and agreements with 60% domestic and 40% international suppliers in the HVAC industry • Managed several commodities including aluminum, fan blades, shrouds, cable harnesses, electric motors, compressors, capacitors, PCBs, Circuit Breakers, ignitors, sensors, and other electro-mechanical devices. • Owned total supplier relationship score card and selection aligned with PRIDE / Six Sigma / lean manufacturing principles. • Coordinated new drawings, first article inspection samples, revision changes, based on fit, form, and function • Worked cross functionally with design engineering, actively involved with DFMEA / PFMEA of new product development, corrective action reviews for factory and suppliers. Worked directly with Quality, Reliability Engineering, and Plant Management to ensure best strategic practices related to quality, cost, and delivery were enforced. • Managed several quality and cost savings project initiatives related to printed circuit boards, packaging, freight, excess / obsolescence and supplier performance for 1.5 million in PPV savings. • Communicated and managed MRP / forecast demand requirements supporting four HVAC manufacturing sites in the United States • Hired and fired suppliers, collected charges from suppliers when inefficiencies occurred effecting production and quality • Conducted spend analysis against several OEM competitors to gain understanding of should cost / reduced all-end-costs. • Required suppliers to provide 5% reduction in savings for year over year business. • Created Purchase Orders supporting both production and non-production. (RFI, RFQ, RFP) • Responsible for the completion and coordination of accounts payables, receivables, product deviations, shipments, and deliveries to all four plants.  Hewlett Packard Corporation (Fortune 20) Houston, Texas / Enterprise Storage Systems Division 110 Billion dollars in revenue in the computer/High-tech industry Performed multiple supply functions for a worldwide organization servicing the computer industryNEW PRODUCTS BUYER / PLANNERWorldwide Sourcing-January 2005 to August 2008460MM Spend)  • Facilitated rollout of 20 to 30 new programs a year for ISS new products division. • Trained interns and new buyers for supply-chain college outreach program. Provided factory tours for active local college students majoring with degrees in supply-chain. • Managed large 200 MM supplier account with Cisco Systems purchasing network routers, integrated systems, and software • Conducted weekly meetings with alliance partners from China, Taiwan, Singapore, Malaysia, and Mexico, supporting fluent communications related to forecast, new products, pricing, shortages, and product holds. • Pooled resources with Central Direct Procurement/Project Engineering to identify and develop solutions regarding procured part structure levels, part extensions, BOM structure, pricing, approved suppliers, quota splits, and master-data relationships. • Engage in project management related issues: RoHS compliancy, strategic planning, training and development. • Webpage/Share Point administrator for site procurement. • Trained greenbelt • Created, managed, and generated reporting tools and metrics. • Super user for global (SRM) supplier relationship and (CCS) commodity Cost System management interfacing with ERP SAP systems.PROCUREMENT ASSISTANTCompaq Computer Corporation - Houston, TX-January 2000 to December 2005Responsible for a variety of functions within the purchasing department supporting worldwide operations and the Houston manufacturing site  • Assisted in various KPI reports, business analytics, and research for TSG procurement organization: ICOST-CCS (Commodity Cost Solutions) pricing/quota splits, AVL-SRM (approved vendor list - supplier relationship management super-user), open purchase orders, aging of material, inventory shortages, and min/max balances. • Managed and coordinated the sales of obsolete raw material with worldwide brokerage companies recovering 2.5 million average per year. • Maintained one for one swap process with suppliers supporting replenishment for chassis repair area. • Coordinated engineering change orders between procurement engineering and procurement buyers, issued phase in dates for inventory impacting the TSG Server Manufacturing Organization in Houston. • Engineering Database Coordinator for site procurement/supplier relations. • Updated component pricing for buyers and commodity management. • Created purchase orders and scheduling agreements for suppliers and incoming material. • Resolved invoice issues and billing problems, working with suppliers. • Assist/develop/organize the process for damaged RTV material being returned to suppliers for credit, repair, and/or reimbursement. • Scheduled, planned/created, and attended meetings for domestic and international sites on a weekly and as-needed basis.Inventory Control Specialist IIICompaq Computer Corporation - Houston, TX-April 1992 to December 1999April 1992 - Dec.1999) Managed build schedule for factory production, shipping and receiving, warehousing - 80 MM Spend  • Ordered all material per planning schedule supporting factory assembly lines. • Worked with 3rd party logistics supporting warehousing and shipments; this included raw, sub assembly, and finished goods. • Coordinated weekly/ daily cycle counts and inventory management. • Verified all goods receipts coming and going from the factory and warehouse on a daily basis. • Created storage locations, purged discrepant material, issued service spares to factory, initiated site transfers. • Ran reports, participated in daily production meetings, coordinated reworks, and facilitated repair teams.EducationBachelor's in Business AdministrationLeTourneau UniversityLinkshttps://www.linkedin.com/in/paul-brawn-b4579b11Email Unix/ Linux Administrator - ContractorDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 11, 2018©2018 Indeed
ABA TherapistUbuntu Autism - Boston, MA-March 2017 to Present• Implemented skill acquisition and behavior reductions plans in an in-home and/or community setting to effectively assist individuals with social skill development • Managed maladaptive behaviors • Provided coaching, support, and guidance to the parent/guardian/caregiver in implementing the behavior reduction and/or skills acquisition plan • Collected quality behavioral data to monitor individual's progress and report any progress or regression in attaining objectives of behavior plan to supervisor and/or clinical director • Conducted behavioral assessments as assigned • Attend weekly supervision meetings • Completed 40 hours of RBT trainingDirector AssistantSt. Marks Wainwright Summer Program - Dorchester, MA-June 2010 to August 2017• Supervised and monitored the safety of children • Planned and organized academic and social activities for approximately 25 children ages 6 - 8 years old • Provided consistent and accurate information to parents • Utilized age appropriate discipline strategies for behavior modification • Watched for signs of emotional or developmental problems to bring attention to parents • Trained and provided instruction to junior staffABA TherapistAPEX - Boston, MA-January 2017 to April 2017• Provided educational and intellectual, emotional, and social growth instruction to client • Implanted advanced intensive behavioral intervention services • Implement individualized treatment plan, goals, and checklists • Tracked and graphed data based on clients behavioral dataCashierHOME DEPPOT - West Roxbury, MA-March 2016 to March 2017• Politely greeted and assisted customers • Accurately processed sale transactions and returns • Help train new staffVolunteerBrookline, MA-March 2016 to June 2016Newbury College Leadership Academy Graduate Brookline, MA Spring 2016 • Explored various leadership models and collaborated with teammates in solving problems and designing leaderships activities  Habitat for Humanity Volunteer New Orleans, LA May 2012 • Assisted in the building and painting houses through Match Charter Public SchoolSales AssociateLove Culture - Natick, MA-September 2013 to April 2014• Staffed cash register, accurately processed sales transactions • Maintained clothing and shoe displays; supervised fitting rooms  Involvement &amp; ServiceEducationBachelor of Arts in Psychology and minor in SociologyNewbury College - Brookline, MAMay 2018SkillsABA, Early Childhood, AutismAdditional Information• Practiced verbal and interpersonal communication with children and parents • Experienced and trained working with children with behavioral disorders • Highly skilled in providing prompt and friendly customer service • First Aid and CPR certified • Proficient in Microsoft office including, Word, PowerPoint, ExcelEmail ABA TherapistDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 18, 2018©2018 Indeed
Linux AdministratorModest Technology Solutions - Laurel, MD-September 2017 to PresentInstalling, upgrading and configuring Red Hat Linux 5.5, 6.1 Servers, using Kickstart as well as Interactive installation on VMware 5.1, Dell 2650 PowerEdge servers, and Dell GX270 workstations ● Responsible for creating new user accounts, granting permissions, security, and rights allocation ● Process monitoring and debugging using tools such as Nagios, Vmstat, and Syslog ● Configures DNS, NFS, FTP, remote access, and security management. ● Collaborate with change management team to do installation, Upgrades using RPM and YUM utility. ● Installing and configuring Apache web servers as a proxy server. ● Establish mechanisms for routine backups and replication of data NetBackup and clustering. ● Use Crontab to automate daily system administration tasks such as creating backups, synchronizing files, and schedule updates ● Keep accurate records of Linux system failures and changes. ● Administering VMware Infrastructure by installing cluster nodes. ● Storage virtualization to include data-store. ● Configured Red Hat systems for centralized login using LDAP ● Partitioning and managing disks space using LVM. ● Design and maintain hardware, software and Linux administration standards.Linux/Unix AdministratorB&C Tech Consult - Rockville, MD-October 2016 to September 2017Experienced in System Administration, installation, Upgrading, Patches, Migration, Configuration, and Troubleshooting ● Maintaining filey systems and enforcing SeLinux and Kerberos authentication on NFS shares ● Implemented SSL/TLS certificate on apache web servers ● Configure storage, disk management, logical volume management and logical partitioning ● Created manual test cases based on test plan and requirement documents ● Created, admitted and maintained user accounts with stipulated permissions ● Managed, tracked and documented defects in the build using Mercury Quality Center ● Experienced using Red Hat Satellite server to deploy, monitor, update and manage systems ● Troubleshoot connectivity to servers and network system ● Used VI/VIM text editor to modify configuration file, create cron jobs and scriptsSystem AnalystUber - Rockville, MD-January 2013 to September 2016Installed, configured and administered RHEL 5/6 on VMware Vsphere ● Converted a lot of physical server on Dell R820 into virtual machines for a Lab environment. ● Managed file space and created logical volumes, extended file systems using LVM ● Performed daily maintenance of servers and tuned system for optimum performance by turning off unwanted peripheral and vulnerable service. ● Managed RPM Package for Linux distributions ● Monitored system performance using SAR, TOP, FREE, VMSTAT &amp; IOSTAT ● Set up user and group login ID's, password, ACL file permissions, and assigned user and group quota ● Configured networking including TCP/IP and troubleshooting ● Designed Firewall rules to enable communication between servers ● Monitored scheduled jobs, workflows, and related to day to day system administration ● Respond to tickets through ticketing systemsEducationBachelor of Arts in Criminal JusticeBowie State University - Bowie, MDAugust 2011 to January 2013SkillsLINUX (5 years), VMWARE (5 years), FIREWALL (5 years), NETWORKING (3 years), TCP (3 years)Additional Information● Installations/ Configuration ● Technical Analysis ● System Integration ● Migrations/ Upgrades ● Multi-Platform Networking ● Technology operations management  Technical Skills: ● OPERATING SYSTEM: RedHat Enterprise Linux 6, 7, Unix, Centos, Fedora and Ubuntu. ● VIRTUALIZATION: VMWARE 4.1/5.1, ESX/ESXi and RHEV ● NETWORKING: DNS, NFS, DHCP, TCP/IP LDAP, FTP, NTP, Samba, Nagios, Solarwinds ● SECURITY/FIREWALL: SSH, Iptables, SELinux ● DATABASE: MySQL, ORACLE, ● WEB/APPLICATION: Apache, Tomcat, JIRA ● WINDOWS: 2008, 2012 R12 ● Hardware: Dell R610, 710, 810, 910, 2950, 2850 etcEmail Linux AdministratorDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 10, 2018©2018 Indeed
Python DeveloperDST Systems, Kansas City-July 2016 to PresentResponsibilities: • Used UML Rational Rose to develop Use-case, Class and Object diagrams for OOA/OOD techniques. • Built database Model, Views and API's using Python for interactive web based solutions. • Placed data into JSON files using Python to test Django websites. Used Python scripts to update the content in database and manipulate files. • Developed web based application using Django framework with python concepts. • Generated Python Django forms to maintain the record of online users. • Used Django API's to access the database. • Involved in Python OOD code for quality, logging, monitoring, and debugging code optimization. • Extensively worked on Spark SQL, Data frames, RDD's to improve the performance of the application. • Wrote Python modules to view and connect the Apache Cassandra instance. • Created Unit test/ regression test framework for working/new code. • Installed and maintained web servers Tomcat and Apache HTTP in UNIX. • Developed efficient Angular.js for client web based application. • Responsible for designing, developing, testing, deploying and maintaining the web application. • Designed and developed the UI for the website with HTML, XHTML, CSS, Java Script and AJAX. • Involved in working with Python open stock API's. • Experience with Amazon SQS, and Amazon Web Services like EC2, Redshift and S3. • Helped the big data analytics team with implementation of python scripts for Sqoop, spark and Hadoop batch data streaming. • Responsible for managing large databases using MySQL. • Wrote and executed various MySQL database queries from Python-MySQL connector and MySQL db package. • Used the Python's modules numpy, matplotlib, etc. for generating complex graphical data, creation of histograms etc. • Developed and designed automation framework using Python and Shell scripting. • Involved in debugging and troubleshooting issues and fixed many bugs in two of the main applications which are main source of data for customers and internal customer service team. • Implemented SOAP/RESTful web services in JSON format. • Created Git repository and added the project to GitHub. • Involved in debugging the applications monitored on JIRA using agile methodology. • Attended many day-to-day meetings with developers and users and performed QA testing on the application. • Experience in using containers like Docker.  Environment: Python 2.7,3.3, Django 1.4, HTML, CSS, AJAX, Soap, Rest, Shell, AWS, EC2, Redshift, Tomcat, Elasticsearch, Apache HTTP, Angular.js, JSON, Restful, XML, JavaScript, OOD, Shell Scripting, GIT Hub, SQL, Spark, MYSQL, Cassandra, JIRA, docker, Jenkins.Python DeveloperState Street - Boston, MA-October 2015 to June 2016Responsibilities: • Developed Python/Django application for Google Analytics aggregation and reporting. • Used Django configuration to manage URLs and application parameters. • Worked on Python Open stack API's. • Analysed the sql scripts and designed it by using Spark SQL for faster performance. • Implemented various Spark Actions and Transformations by creating RDD's in HDFS • Used Python scripts to update content in the database and manipulate files. • Generated Python Django Forms to record data of online users • Used Python and Django creating graphics, XML processing, data exchange and business logic implementation • Implemented Apache Spark data processing project to handle data from RDBMS and streaming sources. • I have used Pandas API to put the data as time series and tabular format for east timestamp data manipulation and retrieval. • Added support for Amazon AWS S3 and RDS to host static/media files and the database into Amazon Cloud. • Used Pandas library for statistical Analysis. • Developed tools using Python, Shell scripting, XML to automate some of the menial tasks. Interfacing with supervisors, artists, systems administrators and production to ensure production deadlines are met. • Worked very closely with designer, tightly integrating Flash into the CMS with the use of Flashvars stored in the Django models. Also created XML with Django to be used by the Flash. • Used HTML, CSS, JQuery, JSON and Javascript for front end applications. • Designed and developed the UI of the website using HTML, XHTML, AJAX, CSS and JavaScript. • Also used Bootstrap as a mechanism to manage and organize the html page layout. • Used Django configuration to manage URLs and application parameters. • Used Amazon Redshift to retrieve data faster by writing complex analytic queries. • Wrote and executed various MYSQL database queries from Python using Python-MySQL connector and MySQLdb package. • Involved in development of Web Services using SOAP for sending and getting data from the external interface in the XML format. • Worked on development of SQL and stored procedures on MYSQL. • Responsible for debugging the project monitored on JIRA (Agile). • Performed troubleshooting, fixed and deployed many Python bug fixes of the two main applications that were a main source of data for both customers and internal customer service team.  Environment: Python, Django, Panda API, AWS, JSON, PHP, Flash, Shell Scripting, HDFS, AWS, S3, Redshift, HTML, CSS, AJAX, JQuery, XML, SOAP, Jira, Agile, SQL, Spark, MYSQL and Windows.Python developerKERNEX Micro Systems - Hyderabad, Telangana-July 2013 to April 2015Responsibilities: • Worked in Agile development following Scrum process, Sprint and daily stand-up meetings • Developed Views and Templates with Django view controller and template language to create a user-friendly website interface. • Worked on frontend and backend modules using Python on Django Web Framework. • Implemented and enhanced CRUD operations for the applications using the MVT (Model View Template) architecture of Django framework and Python conducting code reviews. • Implemented user interface guidelines and standards throughout the development and maintenance of the website using the HTML, CSS, JavaScript and jQuery. • Created APIs, database Model and Views Utilization Python in order to build responsive web page application. • Wrote Python modules to extract/load asset data from the MySQL source database. • Used GitHub for Python source code version control, Jenkins for automating the build Docker containers, and deploying in Mesos • Designed and implemented a dedicated MySQL database server to drive the web apps and report on daily progress. • Used PyUnit, the Python unit test framework, for all Python applications. • Worked on Jenkins continuous integration tool for deployment of project. • Automated the continuous integration and deployments using Jenkins, Docker, Ansible and AWS Cloud Templates. • Participated in requirement gathering and worked closely with the architect in designing and modeling. • Developed, tested and debugged software tools for clients and internal customers of the organization. • Coded test programs and evaluated existing engineering processes. • Search engine optimization by replacing existing database with MongoDB (NoSQL Database). • Documented company Restful API's using Swagger for internal and third part use and also worked on Unit testing and Integration testing. • Used Git for the version control. • Created a Git repository and added the project to GitHub. • Collaborated with internal teams and external teams to solve the issues and giving feedbacks. • Worked on object-oriented programming (OOP) concepts using Python, Django and Linux. • Used JIRA for bug tracking and issue tracking. • Practical experience with working on multiple environments like development, testing, production. • Documented the problems and progress of project most accurately.Linux AdministratorJazz Solutions Inc-August 2012 to April 2013Responsibilities: • Linux / Windows server administration and maintenance for Datacenters • In-house Application, WebSphere and Database Administration • Technical support in a team of total 20 engineers working for different clients in USA, UK, Singapore. • Linux server performance tuning and optimization • Configuration and installation of RedHat, Ubuntu and CentOS servers • Security Monitoring on Windows 2003 Servers and Prevention of Hack attempts via Event Logger • Setup and Coordination team meetings every week • Installing the new updates and patches on the product based appliances upon the request from the engineering team. • Involved in configuration and support of a production environment hosted in a 24x7 setup • Build and maintain windows 2008 and 2012 servers.Worked on migrating from windows 2008 to 20012. • Managed windows servers, configured domain, active directory; created users and groups; assigned permission to the groups on the folders. • Setup LANs and WLANs; Troubleshoot network problems. Configure routers and access points • Scheduling the daily/weekly/monthly backups. • Patching up the system to the latest version as per the recommendations. • Monitor the health of the servers, Operating system, database and the network. • Maintenance of Hard disks (Formatting and Setup, Repair from crashes). • Installation of software packages and checking the integrity of the installed packages. Installed different RPM Linux 5.x/6.x • Administered Linux servers for several functions including managing Users, Groups, and permission for each groups and users. • Installed and configured Sudo for users to access the root privileges. • Worked with different hardware and software vendors to troubleshoot the hardware and software problems. • Managing cron jobs, batch processing and job scheduling.EducationBachelor'sSkillsAWS (4 years), CSS (4 years), DJANGO (4 years), HTML (4 years), MYSQL (4 years)Additional InformationTechnical Skills: Languages: Python, C, Java, SQL, C++ ,Perl Frameworks: Django, AngularJS, Rest Framework, JQuery, D3.js, web2py, Flask, and CSS Web Tools: Node.js, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JSON, JQuery, REST API's, Java Script, AJAX, XML, AngularJS Databases: MongoDB, MySQL, Oracle, PostgreSQL, Spark Platforms: Linux, Windows Tools &amp; IDE: Matlab, Weka, Eclipse, NetBeans, Pycharm, Spyder, PyCharm, Atom, Eclipse, Jupyter Notebook, Visual Studio Code, and Sublime Text Python Libraries: Numpy, Scipy, Matpotlib, Scrapy, Nose, and Pillow Version Control: Git (GitHub), SVN, CVS Application Servers: Apache Tomcat, Puppet, WebLogic, WebSphere Web Services: AWS, Rackspace Cloud, Amazon S3, EC2, Redshift, elasticsearch  Operating Systems: Windows, Red hat Linux, MAC OSX Protocols: TCP/IP, HTTP/HTTPS, SOAP, SMTP, REST Deployment Tools: Jenkins Tracking Tools: Bugzilla and JIRAEmail Python DeveloperDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 15, 2018©2018 Indeed
Independent ContractorLinux Consultants - Bentonville, AR-November 2007 to PresentSupporting Linux installations and Windows network setups for various clients. Clients include small, medium and large businesses requiring complex systems engineering and design. • Recommended startup firmware used in the development of an engine /transmission/wheel control operating system • Design and implemented of a modified memory free command for use in client's embedded system for diagnostic information gathering firmware. • Documented design specifications for test software and DVT test plans • Set up 40 networked test systems for Conner Peripherals using DOS and Windows and about 40 networked Linux test systems for EMASS automated Tape Libraries • Install, rebuilds/enhancements of Linux kernel on both x86 single board computers and Power PC single board computers used in Defense oriented products for several companies • Extended use of audio and digital audio tools avaliable under Linux and Knoppix and used to convert Cassette tapes into CD format including Gstreamer and other recording tools.UNIX System SupportWal-mart - Bentonville, AR-April 2007 to October 2007Provided Unix system support for multiple host systems in several Internet network systems. Responsibilities included phone support, on line support, and email answers for any system problems. Worked with other systems engineers, application developers, and product managers. Developed and updated shell scripts, Perl scripts, and researched future operating system setups. Provided project scheduling updates and attended weekly and daily project meetings. Supported AIX, HP-UX, and many Dell Servers updated through Kickstart with Linux. Environment: Mostly text based software development (emacs, vi) and detailed network analysis, supporting multiple Unix System supporting major Internet based Projects.Linux System EngineerGroup/North Atlantic Industries-February 2006 to February 2007As a Linux Kernel Developer for two different defense oriented equipment companies I modified and debugged device drivers for the 2.4 and 2.6 Linux Kernels on Intel and PPC microprocessor-based embedded systems. Activities included debugging existing drivers, migrating device drivers from the 2.4 kernel to the 2.6 kernel, and updating low level interface libraries. All development was done using C/C++ and some assembly language on x86 and Power PC platforms. Device interfaces I supported included serial ports, PCI bus, ISA EISA bus, and memory mapped I /O register devices. Supported Mil-Std 403B type Computer boards and avionic type applications in supporting the Suse Linux kernel on a couple of different platforms (x86 and Power PC). Device Drivers were completely documented and released to a code revision systems.Linux System EngineerKodak - Rochester, NY-October 2005 to February 2006As a Linux Kernel Device Driver Developer for a commercial equipment oriented company, I provided low level test routines for a proprietary embedded system. Interfaces included PCI-E bus, USB packets, and memory mapped I/O registers. I also worked on single and multiple thread test routines for use in pre-production design tests for proprietary interface boards. All work was done using the Kiel embedded C development system on Power PC platform. . Contract Position, as a Linux Kernel Device Driver Developer for a commercial equipment oriented company, in, I provided low level device drivers routines for a proprietary embedded system. Features included memory mapped I/ O registers in PCI address space, queuing of messages for driver to driver communication, and kernel user space data transfer routines. All work was done using C/C++ and Linux 2.4 on Power PC platform.Linux System EngineerXerox - Rochester, NY-October 2004 to September 2005As a Linux Kernel Device Driver Developer for a commercial equipment oriented company, I provided low level test routines for a proprietary embedded system. Interfaces included PCI bus and memory mapped I/O registers. I also worked on multiple thread test routines for use in pre-production design tests for proprietary interface boards. All work was done using the Kiel embedded C development system on Power PC platform. . Contract Position, as a Linux Kernel Device Driver Developer for a commercial equipment oriented company, in, I provided low level device drivers routines for a proprietary embedded system. Features included memory mapped I/ O registers in PCI address space, queuing of messages for driver to driver communication, and kernel user space data transfer routines. All work was done using C/C++ and SUSE Linux 2.4 on Power PC platform.Project Leader and C DeveloperAmerican Signal - Atlanta, GA-May 2004 to July 2004Debugged field reported problems involving light intensity, analog cellular communications, and other device modifications for existing products. Performed design verification tests. Environment included heavily modified Linux kernel and multitasking Linux support of analog cell phones and overheard messaging systems. Additional features included a User Application and other diagnostic features.Project LeaderPikes Peak Workforce - Center, CO-July 2003 to March 2004As a project leader for an embedded Linux- based highway- signaling device, I managed the activities of two additional software engineers, participated in the selection of a new platform and recommended purchase of a new development system for a next generation PPC based embedded controller. Day to day activities included debugging field reported problems involving light intensity, analog cellular communications, and other device modifications for existing products. I also worked with interpreting customer specifications and performed design verification tests. . Linux Firewall Supported a Red Hat Linux based network firewall system that protected the Colorado Department of Labor computer network. This included debugging startup scripts, monitoring attacks, and analyzing network usage by job applicants through the use of Dan's guardian and MySQL UNIX software. I also participated in the creation of a Workforce Center for Young Adults where the Linux firewall was duplicated and placed in between the Cisco Server and the first Windows Server in each Workforce Center LAN.System Test EngineerSrc Computers - Colorado Springs, CO-March 2000 to September 2001Designed and developed a series of multi-threaded POSIX compliant test a programs used to test specific hardware features of a new multiprocessor computer system during the system integration and DVT phase of development. All tests were written in gnu c with some assembly language routines, ran under both Solaris 2.6 and Red Hat Linux 7.0, and were maintained using CVS. All test failures were resolved by working with the appropriate hardware engineers and by adding debug features to the test programs such as serial port trigger signals, reordering of operations, and capturing logic samples. Other projects included the design and development of an image-processing program used to demonstrate system performance at an industry trade show. This program was written in Java 1. 4 and used the AWT library of image routines along with semaphores, multiple threads, and socket communication.Interim ConsultingFederal Express - Colorado Springs, CO-August 1999 to March 2000Unix Systems Programmer 6 Month Contract Designed and developed a SYS V IPC shared memory server used to optimize data retrieval for the application servers that formed the backbone of an Internet tool which allows customers to track the shipping status of their packages. The code was written using ANSI C and operated on Solaris 2.4. I also provided a library of interface routines that performed automatic connection to the shared memory and control of data updates through the use of semaphores and messages. I also developed Perl 4 scripts used to examine existing source code modules for mismatches between error messages and the arguments passed to these messages.Senior test EngineerSystem Technology Associates - Colorado Springs, CO-January 1998 to August 1999Colorado Springs, CO Jan, 1998 - Aug, 1999 Firmware Engineer Contract Position Supported real time embedded firmware used to operate storage controllers that provided the RAID 0, 1, and 5 interface between SCSI storage devices and multiple hosts. Updated and repaired C source files for the host interface, device interface, and diagnostic sections. Also performed design verification tests for periodic releases of the firmware on several hosts OS's including Digital Unix, VMS, and Windows NT 4.0. Responsible for solving failures reported by the internal or external customer base by duplicating the error, isolating the failure, and determining the solution.Sr. Test EngineerEmass, Inc - Englewood, CO-November 1996 to January 1998Manufacturing Set up the manufacturing tests by moving the test software from Sun Solaris 2.2 workstations to a set of networked PC's using Unix Red Hat Linux 3.0 3.1 as the operating system. The test software was implemented using perl scripts. Used the test software to perform all final assembly and host testing of the fifteen prototypes and first 40 production models of an automated tape library system. Conducted qualification tests on all engineering changes prior to general manufacturing release and worked closely with the design and quality groups in resolving all internal and external error reports. Designed and wrote the specification for the next generation of test systems.Sr. Test EngineerMOST MFG, Inc - Colorado Springs, CO-January 1994 to January 1996Provided the PC based test software used to test rewritable optical disk drives. The tests were written in Microsoft C 7.0 7.1 and ran under DOS 6.0 and were configured to run several parts of the manufacturing line including power on tests, extended run in tests, and final tests. Worked closely with the design group and performed release tests on all firmware upgrades prior to release to the manufacturing group. Supported the quality and design groups by providing specialized tests and different test platforms including Zadian TDS and Adaptec SDS- 3. Would also fill in as production supervisor on occasion.Lead Manufacturing Test Engineer for Optical Disk DrivesLaser Magnetic Storage, Inc - Colorado Springs, CO-July 1986 to January 1991R&D Senior Software Engineer - VMS and RSX, C, PascalDigital Equipment - Colorado Springs, CO-April 1981 to June 1986Test EngineerBoeing Company - Seattle, WA-June 1978 to March 1981- Military side and Boeing CommercialEducationB.S.E.E in Electrical EngineeringBradley UniversityEngineeringIllinois Central Community CollegeMaster of Business AdministrationUniversity of PhoenixAdditional Information10 years experience with Linux Kernel , SLES, (Suse Linux Enterprise), UNIX. AIX 10+ years experience with C/C++ programming 10+ years experience SCSI, VFAT, ZFS, RAID, SAS, NAS 10+ years experience manufacturing and design test development 7 years experience with device drivers (Linux, SCSI, PCI, IDE/EIDE) 5 years experience developing kernels v.2.6, V2.8 3 years experience OO programming (Perl, Java.C++)Email Independent ContractorDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: December 29, 2012©2018 Indeed
Splunk - Linux Systems EngSPLUNK - Chicago, IL-August 2017 to PresentUser level operations, queries , data modeling Linux/web/Network devices Power user/Splunk Admin Data on boarding  Universal Forwarders/Heavy Forwarders Macros Reports/Dashboard creation Cisco, Unux/Linux Microsoft statistics Oracle – Splunk  Integration with Micros-Opera, Fidelity and Payment Systems over a large hotel chain(4000+properties) RHEL 5/6/7.3 SUSE 10-12 Scripting,( Bash, Python, Perl) Windows data input for splunkSystems Architect IVBank of America - Chicago, IL-April 2017 to August 2017• Data centers Migrations ,(UAT, Dev, Perf, Prod), from KC to PA • Weblogic/Java deployments including Sybase/Apache MQ Server 7.5/8.0 • swift connectivity • PCI, SOX environment, ITIL • Tripwire &amp; Splunk logs • RHEL 5/6/7.3 • Scripting,(Shell, Bash, Python, Perl) • Migration of autoSYS jobs. • DR Mapping • Agile env. JiraLinux UNIX Security ConsultantClockWorksIT - Chicago, IL-November 2016 to March 2017• Penetration Testing , IDS/IPS. • Raspberry Pi, Kiosk/Touchscreen hardening • Scripting,(Shell, Perl) • ITIL, COBIT • RHEL 5, 6 and 7 Hardening for LifeCare (DataLink) • PCI, SOX, HIPAA Audit/implementations • SRG/STIG Windows - Linux • vmware ESX , vmware Horizon • bacula using samba • Performance tuning , packages updates and Backup Planning • log scanning, tripwire , Splunk • Application Security • ssh configuration • Tripwire/auditd and log analysis • Ansible for deployment • DR Definition • Risk Assessment, Vulnerability, Intrusion Detection , Penetration TestingLinux/UNIX Security SpecialistTracFone Wireless Inc - Miami, FL-August 2016 to November 2016• Device security &amp; hardening • Firewall &amp; Event/log management • Change &amp; configuration management • File integrity monitoring • HPUX, AIX. Solaris, Linux RHEL/CentOS • Apache, Tomcat, WebLogic • SSL certification/updates • PCI/SOX ITIL Environment • Tripwire Enterprise for configuration control • AIX • HPUX 10/11.3x • Linux ,(RHEL 5-7, SUSE 9-12) • vmware/vsphere • yum package management • Solaris, Solaris 10 Zones • weblogic, Oracle, JRE+JDK • Jboss • AWS - Linux • Security tools NMAP, Kali Linux, Wireshark, Tripwire, Qradar, Splunk • Security Standards Documentation • RHEL Hardening • CA Service Desk, CA Clarity for Change Management • Anthill 3 Pro Security Monitoring • Chef rules/scripting/monitoring • Detailed Planning new deployments/requirements • Repositories definition/creation • DR Analysis • Chef recipes and scripting using shell+knifeSUSE ManagerSUSE-January 2016 to August 20162.1/3.x, Space-Walk for Package Management RHEL 5-7 • Migrations to AWS - AZURE • vmware/vsphere • load balancer f5 &amp; Kemp • SLES/SLED, SLEPOS • SaltStack • SRG/STIG Windows - Linux hardening • PCI, SOX, HIPAA standards • Scripting,(Shell, Perl, Expect) • Z-Linux/SAP-HANA • Performance tuning , packages updates and Backup Planning • Weblogic, SSL Certification • Ansible playbooks, basic scripting • Repositories definition/creation • Snort &amp; Splunk • Risk Assessment, Vulnerability, Intrusion Detection , Penetration Testing • ITIL env.Senior System Engineer - Hp-UX/LinuxBeaumont Hospitals-October 2015 to February 2016• Scripting,(Shell, Perl, Expect) 600 shell script 50 Perl scripts • EDI Migration from HPUX to Linux under Vmware/vsphere • Shell to Bash Migration in a X12 HIPAA environment • PCI/HIPAA, ITIL • SRG/STIG Windows - Linux - Unix hardening • Patching/Updates Linux/Unix/Microsoft • P2V Migration • AWS - RHEL (Development) • Linux Chef recipes &amp; scripting • Team member of Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP &amp; DRP)Senior System EngineerMcDonald/IPS-April 2015 to December 2015Vmware , UNIX, Hyper-V, Windows 2012 R2, Cygwin • Virtualization Eng • Migration from vmware to hyper-v • Scripting,(shell, Perl, Power Shell, Expect) • Back Office Integration, migration from VMware to Hyper-V, P2V, V2V. • Patching/Updates Unix/Microsoft/Hyper-V • Bios update Scripting • ITIL • SSL/TSL • PCI, SOX unix/windows hardening • Chef prototyping &amp; Power-Shell • Backups and DR • PCI/SOX Environment • Risk Assessment, Vulnerability, Intrusion Detection , Penetration TestingSenior System EngineerULTA-February 2015 to September 2015- RHEL 6.x/7.x, Oracle 11.x/12.x JBOSS 6.3 + Java + Cognos • RHEL 5,6,7 • vmware/vsphere • jboss, weblogic, ansible as configuration tool • F5 load balancer, Clustering, EMC2 Storage • Manhattan Associate WMS and DF/IO(FNR) support/installation/updates • SDN patching WMS/DFIO/FNR • PCI, SOX RHEL Hardening • Qradar , log analysis • Servers Hardening (PII/SOX Security) • Bash, Python, Perl, C, basic ant • PBIS, Power Broker Identity services • Application Support Level 3 for FNR/DFIO • Python/Bash Scripting • Storage Management ,(LUN-&gt;VG-LVM-XFS) • Tidal - Cron-jobs • Backups • Linux Chef recipes ,(RHEL) • Chef scripting • DR Team • Team member of Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP &amp; DRP)Technical Project Manager/Lab Manager Store SystemsInfogain-July 2014 to February 2015for ASCENA, (Catherine's, Lyan Bryar) • Red Hat + Oracle + WebLogic Installation/configuration/performance tuning • weblogic, Oracle, JRE+JDK • Python,(jython), programming, Windows Batch Programming, RHEL shell scripting • Risk Assessment, Vulnerability, Intrusion Detection , Penetration Testing • QA Lab build//support for SIT/UAT, HTA programming • Network Management, Replacement of IP POS with ORPOS • Fujitsu Terminals, POSReady 7 64 bits, Retail Hardware Configuration , Receipt Printers, Bar Code Scanners, Touch-screens • PCI/SOX env • Gold Box Creation. • Store System Architecture Design • Update/Upgrade Automation • ssl &amp; ssh key/certificates • Traffic Counter migration using SMS/Axper batch programmingOracle Retail Deployment SpecialistSkillnet Inc-October 2013 to October 2014Store Systems for different Oracle Retail Projects including American Eagle, Mill Farm &amp;Fleet , TJ-Max , NBTY-UK • ORPOS,( ex-Commerce-360), ORBO, ORCO under Windows 7/2009/Sles/11/Slepos • weblogic, Oracle, JRE+JDK • Retail Hardware Configuration , Receipt Printers, Bar Code Scanners, Touch-screens • Gold Box Creation for POS and Server • Deployment Procedures and Programming • Store System Architecture Design • QA Lab build//support for SIT/UAT • Red Hat + Oracle + WebLogic Installation/configuration/performance tuning • Python,(jython), programming, Windows Batch Programming • Micros POS 3700 • Hta programming • Risk Assessment, Vulnerability, Intrusion Detection , Penetration TestingLinux Eng/Cyber SecurityQSRSOFT INC-January 2011 to January 2014Remote Data Center Support • Data Processing for 15,000 Stores. • SUSE Linux ,(SLES &amp; Open SUSE), 10.x11.x/12.1 , MySQL, JIRA, Apache, Solaris 10/11, • zfs, xfs, reiserfs, Bacula Backups • Administration of *nix servers that poll and process data from 16,000 stores • VMWare EXS/i 4.x/5.x where Linux and windows VMs run to process over 8 TB of data • Migration from VMware to KVM-Suse • DR Team • Remote backups for 10,000 locations using secure ftp, sftp • Solaris 10.x/10.x Administration • VMWare ESX/ESXI/Server. Linux and Windows Vms • Pfsense, Dell EqualLogic SANs and FreeNAS. • Shell Scripting, Perl Scripting • PCI Audits • Team member of Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (BCP &amp; DRP)Senior Consultant QSR Soft & McDonald's CorpQSRSOFT INC-2012 to 2014• NewPOS, support, Back-Office, Kiosk. • Shell/vb/powerShell Scripting • Servers hardening,(PCI Security) • Windows 2003/2010 Hyper-V/VMware for Store ServersStore Systems, Technical Project ManagerQSRSOFT INC-March 2013 to August 2013for 300 Stores • ORPOS, (ex-Commerce-360) ORBO, ORCO under Windows POSReady 2009 • Gold Box Creation for POS and Server • PCI Env. • Deployment Procedures and Programming. Scripting in batch and python • Store System Architecture Design • Weblogic + Oracle _ JRE/JDK productionSystem EngineerIBM GTS - Chicago, IL-March 2010 to October 2011SUSE Linux 11.2/11.3/11.4, RH 4.x/5.x AIX, Red Hat, IBM Blade h and system X. Web Sphere Appliances • PoweShell v1/2 • Shell Scripting/CLI Scripting • Qradar • General Support, Linux Installation, shell scripting. • Blade H Installation and Support in AMEX. • VMware &amp; Hyper-V support. • Quest Diagnostics, Emergency Recovery Exercise, with IBM Business Continuity and Resiliency Services. 100 RH rebuilds using kickstart. • Sprint Nextel RH HAC, Conga,(luci &amp; ricci), 9 nodes cluster for a migration from SUN, KSH annalists and port. • Micros-Fidelios in Caribbean Hotel ChainSenior Linux/Unix System EngIBM GTS - Chicago, IL-November 2010 to March 2011SUSE Linux 11.2/11.3/SLES/SLED/SLEPOS POS &amp; Back Office AIX, Sun-OS 9/10, Solaris, Red Hat, Fedora • General Support Stores, Linux-POS and Back-Office. • Verifone, credit card software, networking • ITIL wiki Service Now. POS based on Red Hat/Fedora/SUSE 11.2 • Sun-OS Administration, VERITAS-fs, SSH, ZLM. SCO UNIX. • Oracle Support over Unix &amp; Windows • Nagios alarm system • TOMCAT Support. • Net Backup • Preparation of test beds for Oracle 360 commerce, ORPOS,(ex-Commerce-360 ), ORBO, ORCO • Support for Servers running Micro-strategy 9, (BI). • IBM, EMC2, Hitachi • QA Lab build//support for SIT/UATQA Lab managementGAP/OLD NAVY-October 2010 to January 2011Oct 2010 - Jan 2011 SUSE Linux 11.2/11.3/11.4, SLEPS 9/11, Oracle-POS 360, MQ Series 10,000 Stores. • Basic POS IBM 4690 configuration and interfacing. This OS was been replaced with SLEPOS,(SUSE Linux POS). Shell scripting and package management using zypper • Weblogic abd Java apps. Jython and bash/shell scripting • QA Lab build//support for SIT/UAT • ORPOS,(ex-Commerce-360), ORBO using SUSE Linux POS ,(SLEPOS ) and weblogic + IBM DB2 • Worldwide retail POS effort, working for Europe, China and Japan next Store System • QA Lab management, Image Creation, shell/Perl scripting. • 10,000 Locations/20,000 Linux Devices.Suse Linux EngDOLLAR GENERAL Store Systems - San Francisco, CA-February 2010 to November 2010SUSE Linux 11.2/11.3/SLES/SLED/SLEPOS POS  • Migration of 500 C programs and scripts from MS to SUSE Linux 11.2 Using gcc, make, cvs. • Testing and reprogramming of credit card readers, balances, bar code scanners, Customer Display Units. • Creation of gold single Linux Image for the POS next generation, based on IBM 4800-74X, resulting image is PCI compliant. Including MSR, Bar Code Readers, Balances. • Design and code Deployment tools over SLEPOS/SLES 11 for 8500 Stores using VSAT connectivity. • Image ghosting, Image Maintenance, SLES-11 Servers Setup, PXE Boot Tiny Core 2.6 busy-box and Clonzilla Boot • ZLM with Oracle 11 as db. Engine, SLM, Open LDAP, ntp, rsyslogd, IPTables. Transform to RemoteWare to Linux version and BigFix SUSE-Linux Clients. • CVS Repository. IBM + SUSE Linux • QA Lab build//support for SIT/UAT • Scrum methodology, share point tools.Technology Project ManagerMCDONALDS CORPORATION Worldwide Restaurant Systems-2005 to January 2010• Creation of gold Virtual Machines for Hyper-V Core and VMware, 21,000 VMs installed in USA. • Product Manager for Global Servers Design aka Store Controller based on Windows 2003/2008 and Hyper-V Server over 8,000 servers installed worldwide. P2P, P2V. • Design coding and QA of backup/restore and Disaster Recovery of VMware/Hyper-V VMs in a 24/7 network environment of XPe, W2003R2, NewPOS 3/6 Java, Power Shell, Unix-Shell, AWK. • Designing &amp; Testing the Virtual Environment for our 32,000 restaurants using Hyper-V Core/Server. Pilots in USA and France. Exchanging data through NFS, SAMBA and CIF. • Saved $3M to Japan redesigning the memory foot print of over 6000 devices already installed. • Save over Millions worldwide in Licenses with a solution replacing DOS-GHOST with win-PE-imageX. • Creation of Windows 2003 image to support Kiosk. • 4th level support for our Global Server, (Store Controller), in total 32,000 restaurants. • 4th level support for our multi screen Kitchen Video Display, used in 120 countries. • Product Manager for Embedded Devices: Information Displays, thin clients, Kiosk and POS based on Windows XPe over 50,000 thin clients installed worldwide. • Active member of the McDonald's IT Center of Excellence, (COE), representing USA. • ITIL and PM++. Share-point tools. • Help porting POS code from DOS to Linux and Windows XP Embedded. • First Credit Card payment system in Fast Food industry. • Software Expertise in applied technology like Windows XP Embedded, W2003, W2008, Win-CE, WAIK, Microsoft-BDD, SCCM, SMS, AIX, Linux, Server/Embedded/Workstation, VMware, MS Virtual Server, Hyper-V, Merge and VP/IX, SMS-SNMP, Power Shell, and Microsoft SFU, SCO-UNIX, SUSE and RH Linux, Windows-PE 1X/ 2.X,(win-PE), BCDedit and imageX. Call center system using VoIP and Oracle 11 as DB engine, used Progress SQL.. • Hardware POS, (Panasonic, Par, NCR, IBM, ELO), IP Cameras, IP Serial, Embedded Devices, SATA/SCSI Disk Arrays, Solid State HD, SD Cards, Windows XPe &amp; CE. HP Servers, IBM Servers. • Micros 3700 migration to NewPOS.Senior Consultant QSR Soft & McDonald's CorpQSRSOFT INC-2003 to 2005Software: SCO UNIX 5.0.6 SUSE Linux 9.x , Windows 2003, Microsoft SFU, Progress, SQL Tuning, Shell &amp; k-shell, TCL/TK &amp; Expect. Preparation of Base Server for NewPOS call center implementations, Juke Box SCSI Commands, MIT, C-Programming, Merge, Lone Tar Network Backup, Windows 98/2K/XP, VERIFONE, Ingenico, SoftPOS. Basic HTML coding, SNMP + shell script to monitor router performance and backup lines. Configured servers using ftp/ rsync and remote software with multicast. Hardware: IBM E-servers/7600, EXABYTE Tape Libraries, DakTech SATA RAID Installations. , Linksys Gigabit switches &amp; Routers. HP-DVD+RW for software distribution, (300n), installation of various hard disks, EIDE, SATA, SCSCI, Installation of various Tape Drives, (Exabyte, mammoth, Irwin, Western Digital). Belkin UPS, Bulldog UPS Monitor, (X-Windows and HTMP consoles) Project Description: Created Modem Manager to poll data from an 800 UNIX Server, using shell/expect and tcl. Created routines to manage DVD burning to replace 6 CDs with 1 DVD. Configured Merge Windows for new applications. Gold Box, (Server Image), for new server, Hardware selection and testing, Re-plat forming Project, Unix Administrator.Consultant on site at the following clientsCCSC-1998 to 2004Caldera International (September, 2001 May, 2003) Linux, Shell, Awk, • NCR - Wall-Mart (June, 2001) Hp-Ux, AIX, TOS Oracle &amp; Informix • Stardata Technology (January, 2001) Linux + Apache, LAMP • DuPont CCS (March, 2000 December, 2000) HP-UX Oracle + Documentum • SCO (November, 1998 March, 2000) SCO Unix/UnixWare/XenixUnix/Linux EngSouth-America - Santiago-November 1994 to July 1998UNIX, Windows 95/NT, VMS, MS-Office, Embedded System - PLC - Automatic Controllers &amp; Systems , MIMS, ORACLE, INFORMIX, BAILEY, Factory Link, Link One, F&amp;P and WENCO., FoxPro, WENCO and MAPS. Windows NT and Window 3.1X/95 for Right Fax. 4 sites. Installed a Telephone Messaging System over 4 NEAX 2400 SDS and 1 NEAX 7400. Installed configured and connected Dialogic Cards, NICs, and CISCO Routers, UB / 3COM / DLINK Hubs, FO Designed and implemented Video Conference Facilities for 4 sites, extended ISDN lines to mine and Port sites using NOKIA equipment. ISDN Lines NOKIA MUX 2 Megs Channel NOKIA ILT, DM8, DF8 and DM2 boards installation and programming. Installed, tested or recommended OCR Board, VR Technology, and PAXB with ISND capabilities.Unix Linux EngSouth-America-1994 to 1998EducationComputer EngineeringUniversity of SantiagoSkillsLinux (10+ years), splunk (5 years), scripting (7 years), vmware/hyper-v/KVM (10+ years), kali-linux/nmap (7 years), ORPOS (8 years), Unix (10+ years), C, Vmware, Active Directory, System AdministratorCertifications/LicensesSplunk AdminSplunk power-userSplunk userEmail Splunk - Linux Systems EngDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 14, 2018©2018 Indeed
Python DeveloperState Street - Boston, MA-August 2017 to PresentResponsibilities: * Designed and developed the UI of the website using HTML, AJAX, CSS and JavaScript. * Performed efficient delivery of code based on principles of Test Driven Development (TDD) and continuous integration to keep in line with Agile Software Methodology principles. * Developed Business Logic using Python on Django Web Framework. * Used JQuery and Ajax calls for transmitting JSON data objects between frontend and controllers. * Used Amazon Web Services (AWS) for improved efficiency of storage and fast access. * Added support for Amazon AWS S3 and RDS to host static/media files and the database into Amazon Cloud. Involved in front end and utilized Bootstrap and Angular.js for page design. * Used JQuery and Ajax calls for transmitting JSON data objects between frontend and controllers. * Used Amazon Web Services (AWS) for improved efficiency of storage and fast access. * Added support for Amazon AWS S3 and RDS to host static/media files and the database into Amazon Cloud. Environment: Python, Django, Shell Scripting, AWS, Pandas, PyQt, PyQuery, Wireshark, Flash, DOM, JSON, PHP, HTML5, CSS3, AJAX, JavaScript, Angular.js, Bootstrap, Apache Web Server, MYSQL, GitHub, LINUX.Python DeveloperPremier Inc - Charlotte, NC-September 2015 to July 2017Responsibilities: * Designed the front end of the application using Python, HTML, CSS, AJAX, JSON and JQuery. * Analysed the SQL scripts and designed it by using Spark SQL for faster performance. * Implemented various Spark Actions and Transformations by creating RDD's in HDFS. * Involved in implementing the complete Application in the in-build Spring MVC Architecture with Angular JS. * Experience on BitBucket and Nexus to store built artifacts and automation of these in CICD pipeline. * Wrote and executed various RDBMS, MYSQL database queries from Python using Python-MySQL connector and MySQLDB package. * Developed views and templates with Python and Django's view controller and templating language to create a user-friendly website interface. * Also, created XML with Django to be used by the Flash. * Experience in Building S3 buckets and managed policies for S3 buckets and used S3 bucket and Glacier for storage and backup on AWS. * Build SQL queries for performing various CRUD operations like create, update, read and delete. * Experienced in setting up EC2 instances, security groups and Setting up databases in AWS using S3 bucket. Environment: Python 2.7 &amp; 3.5, Django 1.6.1, R, Selenium, HTML-5, CSS-3, XML, MySQL, JIRA, JavaScript, Angular JS, Backbone JS, JQuery, RDBMS, CSS Bootstrap, Apache, Spark, Mongo DB-3.2, MS SQL Server-2014, T- SQL, SAS, Eclipse, Git, GitHub, AWS, Jenkins, Bitbucket, Linux, Shell Scripting.Python DeveloperAT&T - Middle Town, NJ-November 2013 to July 2015Responsibilities: * Used Wireshark, live http headers, and Fiddler debugging proxy to debug the Flash object and help the developer create a functional component. * Used Pandas API to put the data as time series and tabular format for east timestamp data manipulation and retrieval. Having very good experience with BIG DATA. * Worked on UI using HTML5, CSS3 and Java Scripts. * Developed multi-threaded standalone app in Python and PHP to view performance. * Created UI Screens for initiation and validation. Worked on UI using HTML5, CSS3 and Java Scripts. * Expertise in Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) and its related technologies like Web Services, BPEL, WSDLs, SOAP, XML, XSD, XSLT etc. * Participated in the complete SDLC process and used PHP to develop website functionality. Environment: Python 3.x, Django 1.8, Shell Scripting, AWS, Pandas, PyQt, PyQuery, Wireshark, Flash, DOM, JSON, PHP, HTML5, CSS3, AJAX, JavaScript, Angular.js, Bootstrap, Apache Web Server, MYSQL, GitHub, LINUX.Python DeveloperRockwell Collins - Tulsa, OK-January 2010 to September 2013Responsibilities: * Used Python scripts to update content in the database and manipulate files. * Generated Python Django Forms to record data of online users. * Used Python and Django creating graphics, XML processing, data exchange and business logic implementation. * Used PHP as an HTML embedded scripting language, in front end web development. * Built various graphs for business decision making using Python matplotlib library. * Performed troubleshooting, fixed and deployed many Python bug fixes of the two main applications that were a main source of data for both customers and internal customer service team. * Used Django configuration to manage URLs and application parameters. * Designed and developed the UI of the website using HTML, XHTML, AJAX, CSS, JQuery, JSON and JavaScript. Environment: MySQL, HTML, Python 2.0, Django 1.4, CSS, XML, MySQL, JavaScript, Linux, Shell Scripting, PHP, AJAXEducationBachelor'sSkillsAJAX (8 years), DJANGO (8 years), LINUX (8 years), MYSQL (8 years), PYTHON (8 years), Java (8 years), Javascript (7 years), AWS (7 years)Additional InformationSkills AJAX (7 years), MYSQL (7 years), PYTHON (7 years), CSS (6 years), HTML (6 years)  Technical Skills: Frameworks: Django, Spark, web2py, pyramid, Flask, Struts, pylons and CSS Bootstrap  Technologies: HTML, CSS, DOM, SAX, Java Script, JQuery, AJAX, XML, Angular JS Python Libraries: Python, Django, Flask, Beautiful Soup, httplib2, Jinja2, HTML/CSS, Bootstrap, jQuery, Numpy, matPlotLib, Pickle, PySide, Scipy, wxPython, PyTables, pdb IDE's/ Development Tools: Android Studio, Py Charm, and Sublime Text. Application Tools: Net Beans, Eclipse (SE, EE, Android), Visual Studio, MySQL Web Services: AWS, Rackspace Cloud, Amazon S3 Protocols: TCP/IP, HTTP/HTTPS, SOAP, SNMP, SMTP, REST. Deployment Tools: Heroku, Jenkins Tracking Tools: Bugzilla and JIRA.  Methodologies: Agile, Scrum and Waterfall Version Control: GIT (GitHub), SVN, CVS, Bitbucket. Databases: Oracle, MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB  Operating Systems: Windows, Red hat Linux, MAC OSX.Email Python DeveloperDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 12, 2018©2018 Indeed
Python DeveloperAntigravity Investments - California-April 2018 to PresentWorking as a python back end developer  Responsibilities: Following the agile methodology for the project development. Developing the web application using Flask Framework, HTML, CCS3 and PostgreSQL. Using the Docker  Familiar with Asynchronous email sending using CeleryJunior Python DeveloperAurobindo Pharma Company Ltd - , I, ANDHRA PRADESH, IN-December 2014 to November 2015Description: Aurobindo Pharma engages in the research, development, manufacture, and sale of various pharmaceutical products in India. It produces oral and injectable generic formulations, and active pharmaceutical ingredients in the areas of antibiotic, anti-retroviral, cardiovascular, central nervous system, gastroenterological, anti-allergy, and anti-diabetic areas. The company also provides custom research and manufacturing services to bio-tech and pharmaceutical community.  Role and Responsibilities: • Involved in the analysis and development of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC). • Followed agile methodology for the project development. • Developed the web application using Python, Flask, HTML5, CSS3 and MySQL. • Having experience in both the versions pf Python 2 and Python 3.6 • Knowledge about setting up python REST API frame work using flask. • Familiar with NumPy and Pandas. • Created database using MySQL, wrote several SQL queries to extract data from database. • Worked on HTML5 and CSS3. • Good Experience in working with various Python Integrated Development Environments like PyCharm and Atom. • Good Experience in Bash and Command Lines in Linux.  Environment: Python, HTML5, CSS3, MySQL and PyCharm. ✓ As a Python Developer I have involved in graduation academic projects  SEMESTER PROJECTS: Project1: University Attendance Application Description: University Attendance system is software developed for daily student attendance in schools, colleges and institutes. This system will also help in evaluating attendance eligibility criteria of student. Attendance will mainly useful for every teacher in any kind of institutions to reduce his burden by maintaining and carrying Registers. Responsibilities: • Involved in Team planning and developing the application services as per the requirements. • Coordinating with team members in developing database structure. • Developed database module of the project by providing user-name and password functionality so that user can connect to any database use account in the project.  Environment: Python, Flask, MySql and HTML. Projec2: Scrapping Real Estate Property Data Description: Saving the extracted data in CSV files crawling through web pages using Python Libraries and HTML.  Responsibilities: • Understanding the problem and loading the web page in Python. • Using the Python Library like beautifulsoup. • Extracting addresses and property details. • Extracting elements with no Unique Identifiers. • Saving the extracted data in CSV files.  Environment: Python, HTML and Python Libraries.EducationMaster's in Information System SecurityUniversity of the CumberlandsBachelor's in Chemical EngineeringVignan UniversitySkillsLINUX (Less than 1 year), Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Less than 1 year), AWS (Less than 1 year), DEPLOYMENT (Less than 1 year), EC2 (Less than 1 year), Python, FlaskAdditional Information• Operating Systems: Windows, Linux and Mac. • IDE's: PyCharm, Atom • Frameworks: Flask • Knowledge in deployment using Heroku, GitHub • Good skills in software project management. • Knowledge about the IAM, S3 Buckets, EC2 in the AWS Cloud Solution ArchitectEmail Python DeveloperDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 20, 2018©2018 Indeed
Linux AdministratorB&C Tech - Hanover, MD-January 2010 to Present• Perform security patches on Linux OS and all installed applications • Configured logrotate to automate disk space management • Troubleshoot and resolve networking issues within our MilCloud environment • Create and maintain Widows VMs for users within our MilCloud environment • Develop system documentation and Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) • Implement Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), Public Key Infrastructure (PKI), and Transport Layer Security (TLS) actions. • Process any security policy changes as needed as per NIST/STIG compliance • Extensive knowledge of common protocols such as SNMP, HTTP, HTTPS, SMTP, NTP, DNS, TCP/IP, and FTP. • Strong understanding of Linux based firewall technologies • Effectively work with application vendors to resolve issues and to request enhancements • Provide daily user support by troubleshooting problems or answering questions to resolve issues from users. • Upgrade systems by discussing with vendors; developing, testing, evaluating, and installing enhancements.Linux AdministratorWyseNet Solutions - Landover, MD-2008 to 2010• Develop tools (web technologies/scripting) to help automate SysAdmin tasks such as software deployment, system monitoring and routine maintenance • Maintain the servers (system maintenance, patch management, HW) • Coordinate with existing support staff to minimize downtime and loss of productivity Build out additional server infrastructure as needed (rack, cable, install, test and deploy) • Experienced with puppet configuration management • Experience using virtualization technologies such as VMware and KVM • Experience with monitoring systems (Nagios) • Solid understand of TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP, and networking fundamentals • Produce root cause analysis findings that focus on recommendations to learn from and avoid problem recurrence. • Maintain, develop and upgrade existing systemsCertifications/LicensesSecurity+ CEEmail Linux AdministratorDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 17, 2018©2018 Indeed
LINUX SYSTEM ADMINISTRATORDIGITAL HUMANITIES - Dallas, TX-November 2017 to PresentDevelop long-term Linux/Unix strategies for the enterprise environment to stay current with technology and provide the required functionality to the organization ‣ Create automated Kickstart environment for RHEL standard builds for WEB, APP servers ‣ Recover Linux with rescued booting mode ‣ Install and configure various services like DNS, DHCP, NFS, send mail, Apache web server, SSH, Telnet, http, RPM Package Management, and YUM ‣ Develop UNIX shell scripts to accomplish redundant tasks to simplify in distributed administration; job scheduling using Cron; ‣ Implement advance partitioning schemes like Software RAID and LVM ‣ Monitor network services using NAGIOS ‣ Set up and maintaining domain names system (DNS) servers ‣ Provisioning new servers using chef, set up recipes with chef for full automation. ‣ Create users with root privileges and users with limited root privileges, called sudo users ‣ Monitor performance of servers using tools such as sar, top, free, vmstat and iostat ‣ Create and manage VMs, using KVM ‣ Perform day to day LINUX/UNIX administration such as user accounts, logon scripts, directory services, file system shares, permissions, etc. ‣ Configure and troubleshooting NIS ‣ Setup NFS and Samba file sharing on Linux and Windows servers ‣ Provision and manage Linux servers on AWS, using Amazon EC2IT SPECIALISTSAFRAN ELECTRONICS AND DEFENSES - Grand Prairie, TX-June 2017 to October 2017Worked as system administrator in Windows NT, supporting infrastructure environment ‣ Performed regular day-to-day system administrative tasks, including user management, network management, and software management, including updates ‣ Installed the necessary hardware and software to set up a computer network, and customized it to meet the needs of the company ‣ Worked in a team for Windows server migration of Safran Paris and Safran USA (Grand-prairie); local user setup ‣ Troubleshot networks and system for crashes, and installed systems and firewalls ‣ Repaired OS, completed spyware removals, virus removals, and hardware upgrades ‣ Updated and maintained company contacts, and setup and operated computer, machinery, and peripherals ‣ Provided technical assistance to computer users; answered questions or resolved computer problems for clients in person, via telephone, or electronically ‣ Provided hardware and software assistance, including printing, installation, word processing, electronic mail, and operating systems ‣ Assisted with incident management and documentation, and problem handling/escalation; accurately collected &amp; analyzed information, escalated, resolved and closed trouble tickets ‣ Provided technical troubleshooting within an enterprise environment: system crashes, slow-downs and data recoveries ‣ Tracked priority-one issues with responsibility for timely documentation ‣ Support SAP M-Files - Enovia and engineering applications; Microsoft Office ‣ Use of LabTech for desktop management and maintenanceUNIX/LINUX IT SUPPORTTELEPLAN - Irving, TX-August 2016 to May 2017Created and managed users, giving them privileges ‣ Installed packages ‣ Removed unneeded services and scanning ports ‣ Performed UNIX shell scripting ‣ Installed UNIX operating systems ‣ Performed troubleshooting and problem resolution ‣ Installed and configured various services like DNS, DHCP, NFS, send mail, Apache Web Server, NIS, Samba, SSH, Telnet, http, RPM Package Management, Yum ‣ Developed Linux/UNIX shell scripts to accomplish redundant tasks to simplify in distributed administration ‣ Set up and maintained domain names system (DNS) servers ‣ Implemented advanced partitioning schemes like Software Raid and LVM ‣ Disabled telnet and enabled SSH; manually set up sshd_authorized keys ‣ Performed day-to- day Linux administration, such as user accounts, logon scripts, directory services, file system shares, permissions, etc. ‣ Maintained VMware ESX servers, using VMware Virtual Center ‣ Supported web development and database teams for day-to-day operations ‣ Created and managed virtual machines, virtual switches and network adapter with Hyper-VCUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVESYKES ENTERPRISE - Harrisburg, PA-September 2015 to January 2016Helped customers place orders ‣ Verified account information for customers ‣ Advised them about the best practices to have a good shopping experience ‣ Reset password, updates, etc.REDHAT LINUX SYSTEM ADMINISTRATORMEDIASOFT LAFAYETTE-October 2008 to June 2012Installed, setup and configured RHEL, CentOS, OEL and VMware ESX ‣ Managed and installed patches and software packages, using UP2DATE, YUM and RPM ‣ Used Unix commands to run, maintain, setup schedule work, protect and rescue file systems ‣ Added, modified or deleted user's and group's account on local systems ‣ Set up NFS and Samba file sharing setup on Linux and Windows servers ‣ Set up and configured Apache in Redhat ‣ Performed daily system monitoring, verified the integrity and availability of all hardware and server resources, and reviewed system and application logs ‣ Handled day-to-day administration on RHEL 4/5, which includes installation, upgrades and loading patch management, and packages ‣ Configured and maintained software raids, logical volume manager (LVM) and hardware raids ‣ Created logical volumes for clients using LVM ‣ Maintained all the diskless clients, servers, workstations and complete Linux system ‣ Managed the complete network file system (NFS) configured various network services - DNS, LDAP, DHCP, NFS, NIS, send mail, Apache, Tomcat, MySQL, Samba, SSH, FTP ‣ Performance monitoring with conventional tools such as top, sar, netstat, iostat, etc. ‣ Installed, monitored and maintained hardware/software related issues on Linux systems ‣ Monitored and maintained the disk space, backup systems and tape libraries ‣ Planned and coordinated activities related to upgrades and maintenance on the systems ‣ Managed local and remote printers with Admin tool ‣ Created status reports, project plans and attended team meetings to coordinate activitiesEducationBachelor of Science in Information TechnologyUNIVERSITY OF PHOENIX - Phoenix, AZCertificate in Advanced NetworkingUNIVERSITY OF PHOENIX - Phoenix, AZAssociate of Science in Computer ScienceINSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY AND SPECIALTIES - ABIDJAN, CISkillsAPACHE (5 years), DNS (5 years), FILE (5 years), LINUX (5 years), NETWORK FILE SYSTEM (5 years)Additional InformationSkills Set • LPI Linus essential certified; Red Hat Certified System Administration - RHCSA • Systems administration ◦ Linux servers - 5 years of experience with RedHat Enterprise Linux, SUSE Enterprise Linux, Ubuntu, and CentOS ◦ RedHat LVM ◦ Desktop support - Windows (2 years) ◦ Scripting - Bash, Shell, Perl ◦ Installation - Kickstart, HTTP, FTP, NFS • Virtualization ◦ VMware - ESX, ESXi, KVM, VirtualBox • Servers ◦ Web - Apache HTTP server, Apache Tomcat, Jboss, WebLogic, mod_ssl, mod_rewrite ◦ DNS and directory services - BIND, LDAP, NIS ◦ Email - SMTP, POP, IMAP, Postfix, Gmail, Sendmail ◦ Storage - SAN, software and hardware RAIDs, NFS, SMB, FTP ◦ Application - ORACLE, MySQL, WebSphere  • Networking ◦ Monitoring - Nagios, splunk ◦ Troubleshooting - Wireshark, ping, tcpdump, telnet, netstat, netcat, arp • Security ◦ Network - firewalls, iptables, tcpwrappers ◦ File System - SELinux ◦ Application - SSL, SSH, sudo ◦ Backup - tar, cpio, dump (ufsdump), amadmin • Automation ◦ Chef ◦ Cloud: provisioning &amp; administration of Amazon EC2 instanceEmail LINUX SYSTEM ADMINISTRATORDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 19, 2018©2018 Indeed
LINUX AdministratorWORLEY PARSONS-June 2016 to June 2016Job Responsibilities • Troubleshooting VMware related issues. • Perform System Engineering tasks to design the software mapping to the hardware environment. • Installation and configuration of JIRA Server for bug tracking and projects report. • Configuration management and source code repository management using tools like GIT, Subversion (SVN) • Setup open monitoring distribution (OMD) with Nagios to monitor system metrics such as Disk usage, CPU, RAM etc. • Performed standard system administration tasks, such as troubleshooting and problem resolution, patching, installing packages using rpm and yum, software and hardware upgrades. • Created Virtual machines using VSphere client to connect to vCenter server. • Publish updates using continuous integration tools such as subversion, Jenkins, rpm, yum. • Configuration of multiple websites on one Apache http server using virtual Host containers. • Proactively identified potential issues and suggest solutions. • Maintained user account administration and authentication. • Maintained over 450 Linux servers (RHEL 6). • Installed and configure Apache httpd server to be used by developer to host web applications, and successful • Maintained file system and host security using chmod, chown, chgrp, immutable bit, iptables, Selinux and tcp wrappers. • Silently installed and configured WebSphere Application Server. • Hands on experience with installation and configuration of Atlassian products such as Jira, Confluence. • FTP server installation and configuration.IT Technical Specialist, Information ManagementDeltaTek Engineering Ltd-March 2012 to March 2012Job Responsibilities • Attending to infrastructure and telecomm issues. • Attending to network issues (Networking) • Installation and setup of users phone extensions. • Ensuring internet stability to computers • Synchronizing of personal office enterprise emails (Outlook) on enterprise phone. • Documentations. • System maintenance. • Resolving all telephone issues i.e. phone extensions, direct line and also enforcing security on desk phone. • Voice connectivity of remote offices • Ensuring effective communication during conference calls i.e. meetings and interviews • Call monitoring and log reports to be sent to all HODs • Maintaining all conference call devices including VOIP phones etc. • Training on the proper use of the telephone system including voice mail setup etc. • Troubleshooting VMware related issues. • Created Virtual machines using vSphere client to connect to vCenter server. • Proactively identified potential issues and suggest solutions. • Maintained user account administration and authentication. • Maintained over 450 Linux servers (RHEL 6). • Thorough understanding of Load Balancing (F5) methodologies.Junior Linux System AdministratorProcter & Gamble (P&G)-2011 to December 2011• Implementing Software Configuration Management processes on projects including setting up and supporting our Continuous Integration. Build environment by automating Software builds, release and configuration processes. • Provided support to conduct system testing and integrated more servers to the infrastructure. • Installation and configuration of various network services as DNS, DHCP, NFS, Apache server, SSH, and management of TCP/IP, UDP, SMTP protocols. • Image servers and client computers and remotely manage their software after deployment on Redhat Linux. • Create; clone Linux/Unix/Window Virtual Machines using VMware Virtual Client ESX and ESXi. • RPM and YUM package installations, patch and other server management; • Troubleshooting software and network problems. • scheduling of tasks assigned using cron jobsEducationB.S. in Business AdministrationUniversity of Baltimore - Baltimore, MDDecember 2015SkillsLINUX (5 years), VMWARE (5 years), AWS (5 years)Certifications/LicensesLPIC-1CompTIA Linux+Additional InformationTECHNICAL SKILLS Operating Systems Windows 3.x, 9x, 2000, XP, Vista, 7, Server 2000, Server 2003, Server 2008, Server 2012, Mac OS, VMware ESXi, Unix (Solaris10) and Linux (RedHat, CentOS, Fedora, Ubuntu, Opensuse, etc.)   Infrastructure Physical Hardware: Dell, HP, etc), Virtualization: ESXi Private and Public Cloud Infrastructure: Amazon AWS Configuration Management Tool: Ansible.  Applications/Software Ansible, New Relic, Nagios, Patrol, OMD, Cacti, Nconf, MySQL, WebSphere, Apache, Ngnix, Tomcat, Jboss, SiteScope, Spacewalk, OSSEC, DenyHosts, Git/Gitolite, Jenkins, Jira, Confluence, GitHub, Gitlab, bamboo, Postgres, Sendmail, Cron, SSH, FTP, NFS, Samba, DHCP, Sonarqube, Nexus, Rundeck, Artifactory, Fail2ban, Squid Proxy, PhpMyAdmin, Bind DNS, Zabbix, Splunk, FileZilla, WINSCP etc.  AREAS OF STRENGTH:  • Highly detailed orientated • Team work • Analytical skills • Multi-tasking skills • Decision-making • Leadership • Problem solving skills • Ability to prioritize and Time Management • Communication skillsEmail LINUX AdministratorDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 10, 2018©2018 Indeed
Python DeveloperState Farm database - Denver, CO-September 2016 to PresentObjectives: - • Created RESTfulAPI's calls with server, parse output json data and perform field by field comparison in State Farm database. • Created Python libraries that allow the transfer of data from State farm SQLDatabase to OracleDatabase. • Updated views and templates with Python and Django's view controller and templating language to create new functionalities to the website. • Used python modules such as xlrd, lxml and csv to compare two files and log the differences. • Responsible in writing SQLqueries to query database and queries Censhare for data and returns it as a structure on success responses and throws exception on any errors. • Implemented Schemavalidation using python module jsonschema to validate data in prior to API call to censhare. • Used Django's ORM (object-relational Mapper) to automate the transfer of data stored in State farm database tables into objects that are more commonly used in application code. • Implemented and enhanced CRUD operations for the applications using the MVC architecture of Django framework and conducted code reviews. • Developed scripts using pandas to easily perform read/write operations to CSV files, manipulate and compare data by columns. • Automated different workflows, which are initiated manually withPythonscripts and Linux bash scripting. • Implemented full life cycle development of new web applications and modification of existing applications to add new components and features emphasizing maintainability, reliability, scalability and performance. • Developed and maintained parsing modules, which read CSV, XML and JSON data from files and other REST services, processed the data. • Involved in doing AGILE (SCRUM) practices and planning of sprint attending daily agile (SCRUM) meetings and SPRINT retrospective meetings to produce quality deliverables within time. • Taken part in entire lifecycle of the projects including Design, Development, and Deployment, Testing and Implementation and support. • Used PythonIDE's such as PyCharm, sublimetext for developing the code and performing unit test and SIT. • Involved in setting SSH connection and used SFTP, FTP protocols for file transfer between different operating systems. • Developed Node.Js based JavaScript application that performs a series of mathematical calculations on the number of products and profiles data received from the web services and present the results in a database and also had knowledge of representing those results in a user-friendly price trend graph. • Implemented samba server to deploy code from Linux environment to windows environment for easy development and testing of code. • Built development environment using bug-tracking tools like Jira, Confluence and version controls such as Git, GitLab and SVN. • Used Vagrant to install and configure virtual machines and hosted personnel VM which points to development environment.  Environment: Python2.7, Django1.7, Linux, MySQL, SQL, XML, JSP, JSON, Restful API, MVC architecture, GitLab, Pandas, Agile, Enterprise Scheduler, Bitvise SSH Client, Scrum, JIRA, GIT.Python DeveloperState Farm database - Richardson, TX-January 2016 to August 2016Objectives: - • Responsible in upgrading their operating system from OpenVMS to Linux and converting all DCL programs to Python. • Implemented user interface guidelines and standards throughout the development and maintenance of the website using the HTML, CSS, JavaScript and JQuery. • Implemented presentation layer using CSS framework, NodeJS, AngularJS, Wire-Framing and HTML5. • Responsible for setting up AngularJS framework for UI development. Developed html views with HTML5, CSS3, JSON and AngularJS, Adobe flash. • Created new JSP views to incorporate backend functionality to display on the UI screens using client rich technologies like JQuery, JavaScript, HTML, CSS files. • Taken part in entire lifecycle of the projects including Design, Development, and Deployment, Testing and Implementation and support. • Python/Django based web application, PostgreSQLDB, and integrations with 3rd party email, messaging, storage services. • Job scheduling, batch-job scheduling, process control, forking and cloning of jobs and checking the status of the jobs using shellscripting. • Worked on PythonOpenStack APIs and used Numpy for Numerical analysis. • Developed views and templates with Python and Django's view controller and templating language to created user-friendly website interface. • Managed, developed, and designed a dashboard control panel for customers and Administrators using Django, OracleDB, PostgreSQL, and VMWareAPI calls. • Developed a fully automated continuous integration system using Git, MySQL, Jenkins, and custom tools developed in Python. • Managed datasets using Panda data frames and MySQL, queried MySQL database queries from Python using Python -MySQL connector MySQLdb package to retrieve information. • Develop consumer based features and applications using Python, Django, HTML, Behavior Driven Development (BDD) and pairbasedprogramming. • Designed and developed integration methodologies between client web portals and existing software infrastructure using SOAP API's and vendor specific frameworks. • Used JIRA for bug tracking and issue tracking and added several options to the application to choose particular algorithm for data and address generation.  Environment: -Python 3.5, Django 1.7, CSS, HTML, JavaScript, Bootstrap, AJAX, JQuery, Pandas, MySQL, Servlets, Agile, Enterprise Scheduler, Bitvise SSH Client, Scrum, Heroku, JIRA, GITSr. Python DeveloperBNSF Railway - Irving, TX-October 2014 to December 2015Description: Affinion Group is a private company based in Stamford, Connecticut that provides customer engagement and loyalty programs.This project involves to take a collection of scripts which collectively take an IOS formatted configuration file from user. Present results to the user in an interactive manner that allows the user to analyze the efficiency of the conversion. Responsibilities: - • Responsible for analyzing various cross-functional, multi-platform applications systems enforcing Python best practices and provide guidance in making long term architectural design decisions. • Designed, developed and tested new Python tools for asset liabilitymanagement (ALM) programs to manage the market risks of traditional life insurance products, variable and fixed annuities, and macro-economic risks that the enterprise faces. • Experience with ORM's such as Django and SQLAlchamy, database design and normalization. • Used MVT pattern to encapsulate client/server interactions helps to illustrate software-pattern roles as well as developer roles by separating object, components, and services into multi-tiers with well-defined boundaries. • Gathering user requirements and designing Database accordingly which involves creating Logical Data Tables and Visualization. • Worked on Element Tree XMLAPI in Python to parse XML documents and load data into database and also from database to XML documents. • Designed and developed integration methodologies between client web portals and existing software infrastructure using SOAP API's and vendor specific frameworks. • Created numerous Django apps and extensively used Django Session and authentication management. • Created new connections through applications for better access to MySQL database and involved in writing several SQL/PLSQL -functions, sequences, stored procedures, triggers, cursors and object types. • Designed and developed data management system using MySQL and wrote several queries to extract/store data. • Cleaned data and processed third party spending data into maneuverable deliverables within specific formats with Excel macros andPythonlibraries. • Develop consumer based features and applications usingDjango, HTML, Python Behavior Driven Development (BDD) and pair based programming. • Implemented AJAX to update necessary section of webpages and hence, avoiding the need for reloading the entire web page. • Developed and tested many features in an agile environment usingPython, Django, HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap and Rspec. • Used numerous JQuery third party libraries in Django framework- feedback plugin, photo light, social-likes, jQuery tables, slick grid and google charts. • Added support for Amazon AWS S3 and RDS to host static/media files and the database into AmazonCloud. • Implemented LDAP authentication using device to integrate with an in-place web seal/TAM infrastructure. • Wrote script to generate IP address from CIDR and write into JSON files and assign them to virtual machine while cloning. • Built task monitoring script to monitor various tasks such as power-on a virtual machine after cloning, clone virtual machine and reboot virtual machine using pyvmomi. • Analyzed existing complex systems to understand and document data elements, relationships, data flows, dependencies and related interfaces. • This project also used other technologies like JQuery for JavaScript manipulations, bootstrap for the front-end html layout. • Understood the project scope, identified activities/ tasks, task level estimates, schedule, dependencies, risks and provided inputs to Module Lead for review.  Environment: - Python 3.4, Django 1.8, Linux, HTML5, CSS, Bootstrap, MySQL, SQL, PLSQL, XML, Heroku, JavaScript, JQuery, JSP, JSON, Restful API, MVC architecture, AWS EC2, GitHub, Rspec, Cucumber, Swagger.Python DeveloperDISCOVER River Woods, Illinois-December 2013 to September 2014Responsibilities: • Created APIs, database Model and Views UtilizationPythonin order to build responsive web page application. • Performed troubleshooting, fixed and deployed manyPython bug fixes of the two main applications that were a main source of data for both customers and internal customer service team. • Wrote and executed various MySQL database queries fromPythonusing Python-MySQL connector and MySQL dB package. • Implemented user interface guidelines and standards throughout the development and maintenance of the website using the CSS, HTML, JavaScript, and JQuery. • Python/Django based web application, PostgreSQLDB, and integrations with 3rd party email, messaging, storage services. • Developed a fully automated continuous integration system using Git, Gerrit, Jenkins, MySQL and custom tools developed inPythonand Bash. • Developed GUI using webapp2 for dynamically displaying the test block documentation and other features of Python code using a web browser. • Involved in design, implementation and modifying thePythoncode and MySQL database schema on-the back end. • Developed user friendly and sophisticated graphicalrepresentation of the catalogue of items that would be configured for a piece of equipment. • Hands-on experience in writing and reviewing requirements, architecture documents, test plans, design documents, quality analysis and audits. • Generating various capacity planning reports (graphical) using Python packages like Numpy, matplotlib. • Python Object Oriented Design code for manufacturing quality, monitoring, logging, and debuggingcodeoptimization. • Job scheduling, batch-job scheduling, process control, forking and cloning of jobs and checking the status of the jobs using shellscripting. • Monitoring Python scripts run as daemons in the UNIX/Linux system background to collect trigger and feed arrival information. Helped calculating SLA misses. • Work on SCR's (source change request). Which involved working on Perl,Python,PHP and ShellScripting. • CreatedPython/MySQL back-end for data entry from Flash. I had to assist the Flash developer send the correct data via query strings. Used Wireshark, live http headers, and Fiddler2 debugging proxy to debug the Flash object and help the developer create a functional component. • Developed Restful API's using Python Flask and SQLAlchemy data models as well as ensured code quality by writing unit tests using Pytest. • Used JIRA for bug tracking and issue tracking and added several options to the application to choose algorithm for data and address generation.  Environment: Python 2.7, Django 1.7, CSS, HTML, JavaScript, Bootstrap, Apache Web Server, AJAX, JQuery, Pandas, MySQL, Restful APIs, JavaBeans, Servlets, Agile, Scrum, Heroku, JIRA, GIT.Python DeveloperAffinion Group - Stamford, CT-January 2013 to November 2013Responsibilities: • DevelopedPythonscripts to read from Excel files, generate XML configuration files and for generating IP access frequency lists in different datalogs. • Designed email marketing campaigns and created responsive webforms that saved data into a database usingPython/ Django Framework. • Generated PythonDjangoForms, Crispyforms to record data, login and signup of online users. • Learned technical skills that are required for the system like CherryPy, Django, Flask, Pandas, JIRA, and Heroku etc. • Collaborated with a team of instructors and programmers to develop the curriculum and guidelines for workshops to teach the logic of programming. • Worked for development and enhancements of all the modules of raildocs and have them running it the design team for project structure. • Successfully migrated the Django database from SQLite to MySQL to PostgresSQL with complete data integrity. • Upgraded Python 2.5 to Python 2.7 on a RHEL server. This upgrade was necessary because in lined models with UTF-8 characters were causing unexpected errors. • Developed Application to access JSON and XML from RestfulWebService from consumer side using JavaScript and Angular.JS. • Expertise in developing web-based LAMD stack applications using Python and Django for large dataset analysis. • Designed and Implemented a Random Unique Test Selector Package on processing large volume of data using Python and DjangoORM. • Developed and implemented the user registration and login feature for the application process from scratch by extending Django user model. • Write a wrapper program inPythonto automate the entire process like running different executables of FORTAN and call the Java swing program. • Database Administration activities like taking backup, checking log messages, looking for database optimization. • Learned how to create specific images using PythonImaging Library for the custom images used for each book. Environment: Python 2.7, RabbitMQ, FORTAN, XML, WSDL, CherryPy, Flask, Django, Pandas, MySQL, CSS, HTML, Jenkins, Google App Engine.Java UI DeveloperGGK Tech - Hyderabad, Telangana-April 2010 to July 2012Description:GGK Tech key services include Application Development and Application Maintenance, Business Intelligence and Analytics, Enterprise Mobility, Infrastructure Management Services. Responsibilities: • Developing, modifying, fixing, reviewing, testing and migrating theJava, JSP, XML, Servlet, SQLs, JSF, Spring and hibernate programs. • Used J2EE design patterns like Singleton, command, Factory, Business Delegate, Session façade, Service locator, Transfer object and view object for developing enterprise application. • Used multithreading concepts while creating DAO classes. Used multithreading in programming to improve overall performance. • Worked on creating various documents that include Use Cases, Class Diagrams, Sequence Diagrams and Activity Diagrams. • Developing Responsive Design UI Rich Rest Service Applications, Single Page Applications and HTML Wireframes using HTML5 Grid Structures/Layouts, CSS3 Media Queries, Ajax, Angular JS and Bootstrap. • Worked on SOAP Web services using C++ in multi-threaded application development processing XML requests. • Involved in creating various Data Access Objects (DAO) for addition, modification and deletion of records using various specification files. • Used SOAP UI to test the web services, created cases SOAP UI testand worked on SOAP composite projects. • Base on client requirements upgrading, developing and managing Software Application using knowledge of C++. • Involved in the development of business module applications using J2EE technologies like Servlets, Struts, JDBC and ODBC. • Involved in web designing using HTML 4/5, XHTML, CSS 2/3, JQuery, JavaScript extensively used Table less Design in CSS for positioning. • Involved in the development using Spring Model View Controller (MVC) with Data access/integration layer consists ORM module. • Designing classes using design pattern methodologies such as Singleton, Service Locator, and DAO factory and session façade patterns. Involved in Performance tuning. • Created tables, complex join queries, stored procedures, views, Types, triggers and functions and modifications to existing database structure as required for addition of new features using SQL developer.  Environment: Java, J2EE, Oracle 11g, Unified Modelling Language(UML), XML, Web services, SOAP, Angular JS, Junit, RAD, CSS, HTML, DHTML, XSL, XSLT and MySQL.Java DeveloperPatni Computer Systems - Hyderabad, Telangana-August 2008 to March 2010Description:Patni Computer Systems is based telecommunication consulting service provider through its wholly owned subsidy Patni Computer Systems. Patni has noteworthy technical expertise in the fields of enterprise applications, enterprise systems management, e-business and embedded technology. Responsibilities: • Utilized the various J2EE Design patterns to develop the Business modules based on the required functionality. • Developed user interface (view component of MVC architecture) with JSP, StrutsCustomTaglibraries, HTML and JavaScript. • Worked with AJAX framework to get the asynchronous response for the user request and used JavaScript for the validation. • Extensively Used Anttool to build and configure J2EE applications and used Log4J for logging in the application. • Responsible for designing different JSPpages and writing Action class using Strutsframework for Security, and Search modules. • Automated the HTML and JSPpages indexing process of search module using ApacheAnttool and singletondesignpattern. • Used Enterprise Java Beans (EJBs) extensively in the application. Developed and deployed Session Beans to perform user authentication. • Implemented client side validations for Search and Security modules using JavaScript and Struts Validation Framework. • Involved in doing Waterfall and Incremental model practices and planning to produce quality deliverables within time. • Adopted J2EEbestpractices using J2EE design patterns for designing and developing the application components. • Implemented Web service calls using JAX-WS and SOAP that provide Global information support such as Customer and Account management.  Environment: Java, J2EE, Java Server Pages (JSP), JavaScript, Servlets, JDBC, ODBC, Struts Framework, Junit, XML, WebLogic Application Server.EducationBachelor'sSkillsAJAX (6 years), HTML (7 years), JavaScript (8 years), MySQL (7 years), XML (7 years)Additional InformationTECHNICAL SKILLS:  ProgrammingLanguages Python, JAVA, C#, C++ QueryLanguages SQL, PL/SQL OperatingSystems Windows Vista/XP/7/8/10, Linux, Unix, OS X DeploymentTools AWS (EC2, S3, ELB, EBS, RDS, SES), Heroku, Jenkins, Azure WebDevelopment CSS, HTML, DHTML, XML, JavaScript. Angular JS, JQuery and AJAX WebServers WebSphere, WebLogic, Apache, Gunicorn PythonFramework Django, Flask, Web2py and Bottle, Pyramid, Swagger, RabbitMQ BugTrackingTools Jira, Bugzilla, Junit, gdb Databases Oracle […] MySQL, SQL Server RC 2008 CloudComputing Amazon EC2/S3, Heroku, Google App Engine Methodologies Agile, Scrum and Waterfall IDEs Sublime Text, PyCharm, Eclipse, NetBeans, jDeveloper, WebLogic Workshop, RAD VersionControls CVS, SVN, GIT and GitHub Virtualization VMware Workstation, virtual BoxEmail Python DeveloperDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 14, 2018©2018 Indeed
Python DeveloperPet Supermarket - Sunrise, FL-August 2017 to PresentDescriptions: This project is to create customer preferences portal (redesign of preferences page) where customers can manage their style and communication preferences; preferences will consist of both explicit and implicit data. This new initiative will introduce a couple of new componen ts or process; which include Building a Preference Metadata Management System, Customer Preference DB , Creating Customer preference Hub to name a few. Loyalty: The Pet Supermarket Marketing Domain team would like to create Star Rewards page (Loyalty 2.0) where customers can manage their rewards. This new initiative will introduce a couple of new components or process; which includeBuilding a EWS, NodeJS and API components in presentation layer and Loyalty in Data layer.  Responsibilities: • Designed and developed customer preferences portal in Python using Django framework. • Extensive use of Python / Django Framework for developing some backend components. • Used secured web services for communication and integrations with other enterprise applications. • Achieved business process automation via applications developed using Git, Gerrit, Jenkins, MySQL and custom tools developed in Python and Bash. • Used Numpy, Scipy, Matplotlib libraries for n-dimensional representation of data and plotting graphs.. • Analyzed the code completely and have reduced the Python code redundancy to an optimal level. • Improved the website part of the application using Django, and REST API. • Implemented Ajax calls to get, post, delete REST API calls for upload and delete files. • Enhanced the design of user interface using Bootstrap framework for Django. • Worked on writing and as well as read data from CSV, HTML and excel file formats. • Implemented web scraping using Python's Beautiful Soup library. • Performed Data framing, Data Analysis, and Data representation using Python Pandas. • Orchestration of real time data analytics, and batch analytics in SPARK using pyspark module. • Built python scripts for SparkSQL, to work on database tables for interactive analytics. • Designed a python script to load transformed data into cloud services (AWS, Azure, and GCP). • Involved in Sprint planning sessions and participated in the daily Agile SCRUM meetings. • Conducted every day scrum as part of the SCRUM Master role. • Wrote python scripts to perform CRUD operations on MySQL database. • Responsible for debugging the project monitored on JIRA (Agile). • Involved in unit testing using pytest. • Performed QA testing on the application. • Worked on Jenkins continuous integration tool for deployment of project. Deployed the project into Jenkins using GIT version control system. • Held meetings with design team and worked for the entire project with limited help from the design team. • Automating the deployment of applications as portable, self-sufficient containers that can run on the cloud or on-premises using Docker. • Helped various teams to deploy the application on GCP, IBM soft layer and Microsoft Azure. • Managed Build, Reporting, and documentation using Maven. • Maintaining release boards in JIRA and ensuring release velocity.  Environment: Python, SparkSQL, Pytest, Pylint, Django REST framework, Bootstrap Framework, AWS, Nodejs, Jenkins, GIT, Zeus, JBOSS, Ruby, MySQL, GCP, Jira, Microsoft AZURE, PEP8.Role - Python DeveloperWPS Health Solutions - Monona, WI-January 2017 to July 2017Descriptions: This project involves testing of WPS Health Solutions Mobile application on Android, and iOS devices.WPS Health Solutions is medical apparatus and equipment for use in electronic acquisition, capture, processing, presentation, storage and transmission of patient's medical and physiological data for use in programming, monitoring and testing implanted cardiac devices.  Responsibilities: • Defining the scope of testing within the context of each release / delivery. • To test Sirius Programmer Mobile Application on Android and iOS devices using SeeTest test automation tool. • Deploying and managing resources for testing. • Analyzing test requirements and developing test scripts. • Planning, deploying and managing the testing effort for any given engagement. • Developing test automation framework using python and SeeTest APIs. • Developing Requirement Traceability Tool using python. • Coordinating with the development team for any assistance in issue reproduction and testing. • Executing test scripts using Visual Studio, MTM and SeeTest tool. • Involved in Code reviews and Test Case reviews. • Prepare any risk mitigation plans if in case any delays are foreseen. • Training new joiners on test reporting, test automation, and test management.  Environment: Python, Pytest, Pylint, Microsoft Visual Studio, Microsoft Test Manager, SeeTest automation Tool, and TFS.Python DeveloperAlliance Data - Columbus, OH-October 2015 to December 2016Descriptions: This project involves design, development, and testing of physical inventory management for Alliance Data.  Responsibilities: • Understand Requirements, conduct stakeholder analysis, Requirements Elicitation, Requirements analysis, and create Business Requirement Documents - BRD • To develop the tools required for network inventory management for NBN's ground network using Python. • Mentoring the team on critical design and deliveries. • Querying the SpatialNet (database), and writing scripts for new tools. • Enhancing the existing tools for new networks such as HFC, and Copper. • Followed SNMP network protocol for collecting and organizing information across the connected resources. • Unit testing to check the correctness of the data exported. • Team leading, team building, and providing training. • Working closely with testing team to discuss and understand the defects. • Defect tracking and management with Jira and reporting it to client. • Review of Functional Test Plan and Test Cases.  Environment: Python, PyCharm, Pyflakes, Spatial Net, MySQL, Spatial Info, Tortoise CVS, Eclipse, JavaScript, HTML, CSS.Java / Python DeveloperVirtusa - Hyderabad, Telangana-June 2012 to July 2015Descriptions: The goal of monitoring concept is to prevent Electronic Throttle Control system from dangerous behaviors like sudden and strong acceleration without the intention of driver. It is accomplished by monitoring driver requests and system output, and by bringing the vehicle into safe state (no engine power or low engine power) in case of fault via resets.  Responsibilities: • Developed entire modules using Java and Python using Web Frameworks. • Designed and developed the UI of the website using HTML, AJAX, CSS and JavaScript. • Designed and developed data management system using MySQL. • Designed and developed user interactive interfaces. • Using Subversion version control tool to coordinate team-development. • Used Django Database API's to access database objects. • Wrote python scripts to parse XML documents and load the data in database. • Responsible for debugging and troubleshooting the web application • Designed complex application database SQL statements for querying, updating and reporting using Python Database Connector. • Developed in Windows and going to deploy it in Linux server. • Build SQL queries implementing functions, packages, views, triggers, and tables. • Rewrite existing Java, C++ application in Python. • Performed database operations and queries using MySQL. • Designed complex application database SQL statements for querying, updating and reporting using Python Database Connector. • Responsible for running and maintaining business processes on daily / weekly / monthly basis.  Environment:Java, Python, Django, MySQL, Linux, Shell Script, HTML, XHTML, CSS, AJAX, JavaScript, SQL, MySQL, Apache Web Server, UNIX.EducationBachelor of Engineering in Computer engineeringGujarat Technological UniversitySkillsPYTHON (5 years), JAVASCRIPT (4 years), DJANGO (3 years), APACHE (3 years), LINUX (3 years), Flask, Restful, AWS, C, JavaAdditional InformationTechnical Skills:  Programming Languages C, Embedded-C, Python, Django, Spark, Bootstrap, JavaScript, Shell Script Tools Eclipse, Microsoft Visual Studio, PyCharm, NetBeans, IDLE Testing Tools Rational® Test Real Time, Bugzilla, and JIRA. Databases Oracle, My SQL, Apache, Big Data, Protocols TCP/IP, HTTP/HTTPS, SOAP, SMTP  Operating Systems Windows, Red hat Linux 4.x/5.x/6.x, Ubuntu.Email Python DeveloperDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 11, 2018©2018 Indeed
Linux System AdminTrinitech Consulting Inc.-May 2014 to June 2018• Volume Management (LVM, SVM, ZFS, VERITAS) in Unix/Linux • IPA Server, LDAP installation and configuration.  • User and Security Management in UNIX and Linux. • Filesystems, RAIDs (0, 1, 5), STDOUT and STDERR redirect in Unix/Linux • Disk Management/slicing and partitioning in Unix/Linux • SWAP Management in Unix/Linux Environment • Patch Management in RHEL6/7, CentOs6/7 and Solaris 10. • Solaris 10 Root File System (rootfs) expansion via LifeUpgrade.  • Unix/Linux init/Run levels as wells a boot up phases • Package Management in Solaris and Linux (RHEL 6/7 and Cent0s 6/7) • RHEL 6.4 Cluster Management.  • Webmin Installation and management in Solaris • Windows, UNIX and Linux Server installation and Administration • VMware Installation and Configuration • Network Administration, LAN and WAN, OSI Layers, TCP/IP Addressing and Troubleshooting • SSH, DNS, DHCP, and Active Directory Configuration and administration • Desktop Support , Software Deployment, System Performance Optimization and Upgrade • Power shell and Bash Command Line Operations in Unix/Linux • Remote Access/Desktop, RDP/Connection and Operation • User Account creation in AD and Unix/Linux Networking Environment • Client NOS, Print and File sharing Configurations • Hardware and SoftwareEducationUnix/Linux Administrator in ITTrinitech - Beltsville, MDNovember 2017 to June 2018Military ServiceService Country: United StatesBranch: ArmyRank: SSGNovember 2011 to PresentTraining NCO/IT SpecialistEmail Linux System AdminDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 11, 2018©2018 Indeed
Python DeveloperSafeway - Phoenix, AZ-January 2016 to PresentResponsibilities: • Used UML Rational Rose to develop Use-case, Class and Object diagrams for OOA/OOD techniques. • Built database Model, Views and API's using Python for interactive web based solutions. • Placed data into JSON files using Python to test Django websites. • Used Python scripts to update the content in database and manipulate files. • Developed web based application using Django framework with python concepts. • Generated Python Django forms to maintain the record of online users. • Used Django API's to access the database. • Involved in Python OOP code for quality, logging, monitoring, and debugging code optimization. • Developed tools to automate some base tasks using Python, Shell scripting and XML. • Created Unit test/ regression test framework for working/new code. • Used PyQt to implement GUI for the user to create, modify and view reports based on client data. • Installed and maintained web servers Tomcat and Apache HTTP in UNIX. • Developed efficient Angular.js for client web based application. • Working in team of Architects and Developers to build and deploy Python Flask Peewee Linux AWS. • Responsible for designing, developing, testing, deploying and maintaining the web application. • Designed and developed the UI for the website with HTML, XHTML, CSS, Java Script and AJAX. • Involved in working with Python open stock API's. • Design, develop, and deploy engaging web applications using Python. • Develop applications that use MongoDB database, and pymongo. • Wrote Python code embedded with JSON and XML to produce HTTP GET request, parsing HTML data from websites. • Wrote Python code to simplify lists in Python with list comprehension and Python OOP. Worked with POSTMAN for API testing. Developed REST APIs, and created User Model for application. • Developed a complete front-end application with Bootstrap. • Developed remote integration with third party platforms by using RESTful web services.  Environments: Python, AWS, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Flask, Java script, MongoDB, Linux, APIs, Git.Senior Python DeveloperSan Jose, CA-May 2014 to November 2015Responsibilities: • Maintained program libraries, users' manuals and technical documentation. • Managed large datasets using Panda data frames and MySQL • Wrote and executed various MYSQL database queries from python using Python-MySQL connector and MySQL dB package. • Thorough knowledge in various front end tools like HTML, CSS, JavaScript, XML, JQuery, Angular JS, and AJAX. Managed large datasets using Panda data frames and MySQL.  • Hands-on experience in writing and reviewing requirements, architecture documents, test plans, design documents, quality analysis and audits.  • Built various graphs for business decision-making using Python matplotlib library. • Fetched twitter feeds for certain important keyword using python-twitter library • Used Python library Beautiful Soup for web scrapping • Developed user interface solutions using a Django web framework. Used Python scripts to update content in the database and manipulate files • Involved in building database Model, APIs, and Views utilizing Python technologies to build web based applications. • Developed interfaces using JavaScript, HTML technologies for several web applications to fetch and graphically present required data from database. • Involved in the complete Software Development life cycle (SDLC) to develop application. • Developed user interface of the web application using HTML, CSS3, and Bootstrap. Wrote custom user defined functions in JavaScript to validate application functionalities/features. • Responsible for writing OOP code in Python for server side scripting. • Wrote code to support model-view-controller (MVC) pattern of Python Django framework in developing several modules for the application.  Environments/Tools used: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, MySQL, Agile methodology, SQL programming, Tableau, Python programming, and R Programming.  Application/Software Development UPS, Mahwah NJ Dec 2012 to March 2014  Responsibilities: • Involved in Requirement study, Analysis and Design. • Designed and developed JScript, GUI for user interface with various Server Controls (textbox, labels, data grid, data list, validations controls) • Developed Custom User Controls to reduce the Complexity in User Interface Coding and provide better look and feel. • Used Java Script for validating client side data entry screens. • Used CSS (Cascading Style Sheets) for maintaining appearance of Web Pages. • Developed a desktop based application in C# .NET to keep record of customer, production, sales and marketing data. MS SQL Server used as database to store records. • Designed and developed logical and physical database models. Designed logical database model (Entity- relationship diagram) using ER Studio. • Analyzed existing Java-based application to identify weakness and opportunities for improvements, to outline system modification requirements, and to develop recommendations towards the development of new codes and reuse of existing codes. • Responsible for providing support and analysis to the existing MS SQL server. Created Database objects like Stored Procedures, Triggers, Views, and Rules etc. Created tables and provide constraints and user defined rules in the database. • Wrote code using SQL Programming to perform database tasks such as inserts, updates, joins, and deletes in order to keep updated the existing ERP system in timely manner. • Provided functional recommendations, training, and advanced documentation and data analysis support to project implementation teams throughout SDLC process such as planning, development and integration.  Environments/Tools used: SQL Server 2012, SQL/T-SQL, Microsoft Visual Studio 2005, .NET Framework 3.5.Application/Software DeveloperFutureLeaders Group - Mumbai, Maharashtra-July 2010 to October 2012Responsibilities: • Used HTML and CSS for UI Design, JavaScript for system functionality for server side scripting, MySQL Database. • Extensive JavaScript functions for supporting proper system/application functionalities. • Developed ER diagram for the application development project. Designed ER Diagrams using Data Modeling software like ER Win, MS Visio. • Responsible for performing unit testing on ongoing software development projects. • Conducted unit testing objective to isolate each part of the program and to ensure that the individual parts are correct. • Developed custom business and financial reports via complex SQL database queries and stored procedures. Design, create, and maintain tables, views, stored procedures, functions, indexes, linked servers and other database objects in SQL server while ensuring data integrity, scalability, and reliability. • Worked as database developer for organization's ERP system developed in MS SQL server. Provided database support such as developing tables, data entry, and data update/modification using SQL programming. • Responsible for overseeing the Technical Team and worked as a liaison between Technical Team and Business team to ensure project success. • Interacted very closely with internal resources to create project plans, and to resolve technical/non-technical issues to maintain project deadlines and deliverables. • Responsible for management and coordination of projects with medium budget and limited duration. Administrated all phases of SDLC process of two application development projects. • Facilitated development, testing and maintenance of quality guidelines of project deliverables and industry standard procedures along with necessary documentation. • As the technical lead, developed project plans and application design patterns, provided design guidelines to developers.  Environments/Tools used: MS Project, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, Agile Methodology, SQL Server 2008, SQL/ T-SQL, Microsoft Visual Studio2005, C# .NET Framework 3.5, Microsoft Excel 2007.Application DeveloperTech Mahindra - Hyderabad, Telangana-June 2008 to June 2010Responsibilities: • Led four application development projects, and act as a subject matter expert (SME) while administrated all phases of software development life cycle (SDLC) • Designed, developed, and implemented four n-tire/multi-tier applications - three web based and one desktop based. Developed a billing solution, a payment tracking system, and an inventory management system. • For web applications development projects, used PHP as the development language. Used HTML and CSS for UI design, JavaScript for application functionality, and MySQL for supporting database server. • For desktop based application development, used C# .Net as the development language, and Oracle as the database server. Wrote code in SQL Programming for database queries. • Published sales and production reports monthly and offered PowerPoint presentations to several teams like marketing team, production team, and finance team. • Collected sales, production, inventory data from various sources such as sales directory, production data and stored them in MS Excel spreadsheets. Analyzed medium-to-high volume production and sales data with MS Excel and published monthly reports.  Environments/Tools used: JavaScript, HTML, CSS, PHP, MySQL, Agile methodology, SQL programming, and MS Visual Studio.Additional Information• Used UML Rational Rose to develop Use-case, Class and Object diagrams for OOA/OOD techniques. • Built database Model, Views and API's using Python for interactive web based solutions.Email Python DeveloperDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 21, 2018©2018 Indeed
Ubuntu/Lubuntu Ubiquity automated installerPower Business Systems (Pty) Ltd-May 2010 to May 2018PHP 5 &amp; 7 web application development (portfolio available on request) • Ubuntu, Debian, RHEL, Centos server/desktop installation, configuration and maintenance • Building a Ubuntu/Lubuntu Ubiquity automated installer for around 380 systems • SAP CRM integration using WSDL for business partner data • Point-of-Sale configuration and maintenance (PowerLite) for 300+ systems • SMS/Text message application development for bulk messaging (5000/messages per minute) • Configured &amp; Maintained all company and multiple customer's physical &amp; virtual servers • Nginx/Apache with PHP/PHP-FPM and MySQL installation/configuration for large applications • Rocket Software Pick/D3 integration using Python, PHP and Java via MVSP • Real time sales monitoring system developed in C/C++ and PHP with MySQL • Developed multiple stock take applications for rugged hand held and desktop scanners • Developed and presented multiple proof-of-concept projects including electronic prototypes • Kiosk's developed for sales, marketing, order, and repair status information and updatesIT support servicesGospel Direct (Pty) Ltd-May 2006 to May 2010for 34 retail outlets and multiple head office companies • Built-out an in house data center with a focus on minimal annual downtime • Configured and maintained e-mail, virtual, Quasar accounting, VPN, and FTP servers • Supervised and completed all system requirements for branch and head office systems • Developed and maintained company e-commerce website with accounting system integration • Developed &amp; maintained a music royalty payment system in PHP, MySQL and SQL Anywhere • Developed the support call system the IT department relied on for all support requests • Setup a 3 mile point-to-point wireless network for off-site backups • Ensured all backups were complete and available for recovery at any time • Management of 50+ multi-function and 70 receipt printers throughout the company • Maintenance of telephony infrastructure for group of companies with multiple incoming lines • Internet usage monitoring and traffic shaping with reporting to management • Business report writing in SQL for Quasar accounting package and SQL Anywhere  Previous: Andula Systems (Pty) Ltd Technical support - Hardware and SoftwareEducationLinux Professional Institute2013 to 2018University of Maryland Baltimore County - Baltimore, MD2014 to 2015Bachelor of Science in IT and Computer ScienceUniversity of South Africa2009SkillsINTEGRATION (10+ years), INTEGRATOR (10+ years), MYSQL (10+ years), PHP (10+ years), APACHE (8 years)Additional InformationProfessional Skills  • Project Management • Basic Accounting Knowledge • Industry best practices knowledge • Business Requirements Analysis • Business Report Writing • Advanced Software Integration • Advanced Interpersonal skills • Timekeeping &amp; Timesheets • Prioritizing multiple concurrent tasks • Working under time pressure • Advanced troubleshooting &amp; problem solving • Working in adverse environments • Presenting proof-of-concept projects • Advanced Retail experience  IT Skills  • Accounting/Point-of-Sale: PowerLite, Quasar Accounting, Softline (Sage), Pastel • Anti-Virus Software: ESET, ClamAV, McAfee, Avast, AVG • Containers: Docker (CLI, Kubernetes, Swarm) • CCTV: Zoneminder, Motion, Geovision (IP &amp; analog camera's, USB webcams) • Databases: PostgreSQL, MySQL (with replication), MariaDB, Redis, Memcached, SQLite, SAP SQL Anywhere • Development Languages: PHP, Bash, Java, C/C++, Python • DNS servers: PowerDNS, MyDNS-NG and Bind (Built custom DDNS system using PowerDNS) • e-Mail: Zimbra, Postfix, QMail Toaster, Dovecot, SpamAssassin, RBLs, Thunderbird, Outlook, Roundcube, Horde • Electronic Prototyping: Arduino, Raspberry Pi via GPIO &amp; I2C • File Systems: EXT 2/3/4, ReiserFS, FAT/VFAT/NTFS, NFS, LUKS disk encryption • File Systems (Distributed): Gluster, Amazon S3, Google Cloud • File Transfer: rsync (daemon and over ssh), sftp, scp, ftp, virtsync • FTP servers: ProFTPD, vsftpd • Storage (Redundant): LVM, Hardware/Software RAID, Ceph, DRBD, Sparse Files • Linux Distributions: Ubuntu, Linux Mint, Debian, RHEL, CentOS, Fedora, Raspbian, Kali, OpenSuSE, FreeBSD • Machine learning: Tensorflow, Caffe • Message Gateways (SMS/Voice): SMSPortal, Clickatell, Nexmo, TextMagic • Multifunction Printers: Konica Minolta, Hewlett Packard, Canon, Dell • Monitoring Systems: Cacti, Nagios, Sourcing OMA • Payment Gateway Integrations: PayPal, 2Checkout, Nedbank Iveri, Innervation &amp; Payfast • Printers (Receipt &amp; Label): Zebra, Argox, Epson &amp; Posiflex (software developed for use with) • Projectors: Acer, Canon, Epson • Router Software: RouterOS, Cisco IOS (completed up to CCNA Level) • Scanners (POS): Symbol, Honeywell, CipherLab, Mecer, Posiflex • Scanners (Rugged Handheld): Datalogic (Developed a visual C# stocktake application) • Security (Crypto Relatedl): OpenSSL EVP C interface, TLS 1 to 1.3, ECC, RSA, HSTS, PFS, bcrypt, PBKDF2, […] • Security (Linux): Netfilter, Suricata, Audit daemon, Fail2Ban, Rootkit Hunter, Snort, Tripwire • Security (Penetration Testing): Nessus, OpenVAS, MetaSploit, nmap, Aircrack, etc • Security (Alarm Programming): DSC series, ADT series, custom SMS alert system • Software Defined Radio: GNU Radio, RTL SDR, GQRX • Telephony: Cisco FXS/FXO, VoIP phones, FreePBX, Asterisk (G729), Panasonic PABX • Time servers: OpenNTP, NTP (with GPS 1 PPS and/or NTP Pool) • UPS &amp; Power: Network UPS Tools with APC &amp; Mecer brand UPS's, cpufreqd to reduce power usage, and Honda generators with ATS. • Virtualization Software: KVM, OpenVZ, Xen, ViirtualBox, VMWare Player • VPN servers: OpenVPN, SSTP, Tinc, PPTP • Webservers &amp; Proxies: Nginx, Apache, Squid including SARG, DansGuardian, HAProxy • Windows Versions: All versions from 3.11 to 10Email Ubuntu/Lubuntu Ubiquity automated installerDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: May 8, 2018©2018 Indeed
Linux EngineerVectone Mobiles India Pvt Ltd-April 2016 to PresentPROJECTS: Telecom projects in Europe countries. Project Description: GoIP is the product which is used for routing &amp; sending the SIP calls from Vectone network. In this we could be able to configure multiple channels for call routing. Choosing channels is based on CLI, which is made by GoIP Router.  ✓ Services checking our Production servers like Xgate applications services and voice Calls, channels available with using socket programming. ✓ To the GoIP Router the channel status need to be communicated &amp; the status need to be maintained at the DB for future call routing. ✓ We have generated the reports for our application status, logs, channels availability with using MySQL database. ✓ Transferring data files between remote server and clients with using Python scripting for automation jobs. ✓ Network configuration changes in switches and routers with using python scripting. ✓ File analysis for our reports generating with using shell and Python scripting. ✓ Socket programming for server and client TCP/IP connection with using python scripting for our remote support and server status. ✓ Exploring networks perform security scans, network audit and finding open ports on remote machine with using Nmap. And with using python scripting for our Network scanning audit report. ✓ Implement IP Networking configuration with using Python scripting method. ✓ Linux security protection with using PAM modules. ✓ Creating the new modules for our network developing structure.Linux EngineerSatvat infosol Pvt Ltd-March 2015 to April 2016Projects: web application projects ✓ HA proxy and Heartbeat load balancing for our production web servers. ✓ Scheduling the cron jobs with shell scripts for automated log backup, for our troubleshooting and avoid the unauthorized the access. ✓ Creating database, backup, restore with using MySQL. ✓ Web hosting for government projects and our internal organization projects. ✓ Experienced in JAVA and Perl applications. ✓ User and Group Management and permissions for our internal file server. ✓ Experienced in services like SAMBA, NFS, HTTP, FTP, SFTP, VNC, IPTABLES, ✓ Exploring networks perform security scans, network audit and finding open ports on remote machine with using Nmap. ✓ Worked in VMware ESxi servers ✓ Files handling and logs analysis with using shell scripting for our project report ✓ To configured and troubleshooting in vlan and VPN management in internal network ✓ Worked SLA tracking tools for our internal ticketing system.  Organization: Technical Support Engineer for ST.Anthony's technologies. Experience: From November 2013 - march 2015. Description: ✓ Installing and configuration windows server and Linux version 6.x ✓ Setting up and configuring file server using SAMBA and NFS ✓ Users and Group Management and Assigning Permissions. ✓ L1 level support maintaining for cisco router switches ✓ I have trouble shooting the issues based on our logs and inform our senior technical person. ✓ Scheduling the cron job for automated log backup, file transfer ✓ Remote support works for clients and solve the issuesEducationB.E in Electronics & CommunicationMNSK ENGINEERING COLLEGE (Anna University Board2008 to 2012HSCGOVT Hr Sec school2006 to 2008SSLCGOVT Hr Sec school2005 to 2006SkillsLINUX (3 years), SCRIPTING (3 years), SECURITY (3 years), NETWORKING (2 years), PYTHON (2 years), Linux AdministratorAdditional InformationProgramming Skills: ✓ Python. ✓ Shell  Linux Skills: ✓ Python scripting. ✓ Files handling in awk, sed, cut with using shell, python scripting. ✓ Implementing Server configurations with using Devops tools like puppet. ✓ SAMBA, FTP, SFTP, APACHE, NFS, SNMP, ✓ Linux Security for Production servers. ✓ AAA, Radius authentication and TACACS+ server  Networking  ✓ Port- channel, VLANS, VTP, STP, RSTP, 802.1Q, Ethernet, L2/L3 Switching, Routing  ✓ Expert in configuration and troubleshooting complex Routing Protocols (EIGRP, OSPF, BGP)  ✓ Puppet Devops scripting used in networking.Email Linux EngineerDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 21, 2018©2018 Indeed
Mobile rust repairsN/A - Clearwater, FL-January 2010 to PresentResponsibilities Cut rust holes out of classic cars and weld in new metal  Accomplishments Have the knowledge tools and no how to get the job done fast  Skills Used Pictures on my web sight  www.floorpanrepairs.vpweb.comEducationHigh in BasicTrade - Jasper, AL1972 to 1982on my own in auto structureSkillsWelding ,power & air tools (10+ years)Certifications/LicensesDriver's LicenseMay 2013 to May 2021Class En/an/aAdditional InformationRustybottom'z Rust Repairs is on facebook,Email Mobile rust repairsDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: May 15, 2018©2018 Indeed
IoT golang Architect - Software Engineerwww.cree.com - Durham, NC-September 2016 to PresentDesigned and Implement a digital gateway for IoT devices  https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/solutions/workforce-experience/digital-building/index.html  Using the GO language as the chosen technology, I transformed (2) earlier generations of wireless mesh and PoE light fixtures , I developed a multi tiered microservice Gateway, enabling Sensor and Actuator communications to the device network. Utilizing microservices I was able to decouple code bases on a more modularized functional design.   Utilized gRPC service calls, using GPB (google protocol buffers) as the marshaling standard for microservice communication. I unified multiple different binary position protocols. I also defined a new GPB TCP/TLS end device that could also be configured to use JSON over TCP/TLS  The public side of the Gateway utilized HTTP Rest API, WebSockets and public facing Message Queues for event subscription. A client SDK was also developed to provide a fast start for all new adopting developers.  MQTT and WebSocket tunneling was leveraged to penetrate from inside out, corporate firewall configurations in full compliance using CA signed certificates.   Choosing GO compiled language supporting multiple processor platforms and operating systems turned out to be a great decision. We now have (3) gateways products as part of the suite, ranging from ARM for small system sub $30 gateway, to a super server having (8) network ports and a quad core X86 processor. Final MicroServices were Dockerized (www.docker.com) as containers and built with High performance using concurrency and parallel programming were achieved.   I developed the first version of the TCP/TLS endpoints, using (3) processor families.  Esp32 running FreeRTOS, mediaTek 7688 running OpenWRT and NXP MX6 processor using Yocto to build the linux system.  Instrumental in converting waterfall development into Agile/Scrum development methodologies focused on 6 month release plan. V2.0 Gateway won Product of the Year for the International Light Fair Convention in Philadelphia May 2017.  http://www2.cree.com/smartcast-landing-page  Upon completion and achieving the award for Product of year above, was promoted as lead Architect/programmer for the Embedded Team and the Middleware Gateway.  Skills learned and updated: • Time Series Databases (TSDB) • Postgres – TimescaleDB design, administration, development • REST API development and optimizations • Docker Container Management and Packaging • COAP, UDP, BCAST, multicast, TCP/TLS, zeroconf and more • Virtual Machine packaging for those not interested in buying our Appliance. • CoreOS setup and operations deploying all our containers onto • Docker containerization of all Micro Services • Cloud management and Message Queue development • MQTT secure message queues • AWS IoT Things SDK • gRPC microservicesSoftware Engineer / co-FounderHupla LLC-2012 to July 2016Software Engineering 5 year contract with a Think Tank Incubator ran by RevTEC  I was offered contractor employment to join a "Think Tank Incubator" that was being offered in North Las Vegas at the Las Vegas International Speedway business park. My job was to bring Software and Embedded Technology to the group. There were (3) companies that were formed and commercialized from the Incubator. [Briefing of (3) contracted projects] - Cinetrix: Commercially developed Smart Lithium Portable Battery Power for Hollywood Movie Industry - SwarmTechnologies: I co-founded, created product line, and secured (4) million in funding. www.smartbeecontrollers.com. Swarm is now in retail stores, and has a maintenance crew on the retail small grower product line. - RevTEC: worked on Alternate Energy Solutions (Solar, Electric Vehicles, Battery Technology)  Software Engineering Cinetrix Lithium Battery (Hupla Contract) December 2015 - July 2016 to present contract  Programmed Smart BMS (Battery Management System) device for all Lithium battery chemistries  This involved writing firmware on BMS itself (c/c++ programming), and developed GUI application tools for field offices to update software and monitor battery health/logs/alerts, Cloud service to auth and encrypt transfer new firmware to devices.  Programmed Factory automation tools to QA all new assemblies, and analytic data logger, and report tools. The client tools were cross platform (OSX/Linux/Win32) written in c++ and Qt.  Programmed low cost WiFi dongle to embedded board, wrote auto provisioning code on device and gateway to register to network. It sends out health data, and alerts when low battery or proactive bad cell, and other irregularity patterns. Can also adjust thresholds over the network. (LV, HV, OC, OT etc.) Software Engineer / co-Founder Swarm Technologies Nov 2012 to January 2015  SwarmTechnologies was formed and designed a line of wireless mesh network electronic Nodes. The features of the product line are connecting isolated low cost 8 and 32 bit microprocessor chips/boards to an 802.15.4 wireless mesh network cluster. This greatly extends the access and SMART management of previously isolated and independent islands of devices.  The product received traction in the agricultural industry and now preparing a retail launch at www.smartbeecontrollers.com  The technical aspects of the solution involve a 4-tier architecture of which I designed and implemented all 4 tiers independently (budget startup) with the exception of other contractors for graphics design, and html5 layout assistance for WebClient (invaluable combination)  Tier1: software onboard the sensor/control devices (c/c++) Tier2: software for embedded linux main gateway device (embedded arm processor) Tier3: software for cloud linux server (debian) using GO language webservices Tier4: software for client front end. The primary device is Android 4.x tablet. I started with a Web based html5 client, and currently working on the native Android 4.x application.  The power of the embedded networking incorporate AutoDiscovery of nodes as they come on and go offline by assigning leases to each unique node. The wireless Java and c libraries incorporate Zigbee protocol stack, capable of errorRecover, self Healing, adaptive failover routing algorithms. It is a very reliable and robust network for such a low cost environment.  The software monitors real time data, datalogs to an embedded gateway database, and replicates to cloud systems via GPB binary transfer system. The client shows real time event based data, as well as a query engine for historical data analytics. The data is then graphically displayed in chart and summary form to digest vast amounts of information in a fast to interpret visual representation.  Upon completion of the electronics control and mesh product technology above, i have spent the last year subcontracting to a large alternate energy company, and applied many of the software features to their EV new automobile design, and battery technology. Here are the highlights of the most recent contract.  I worked with a large team and implemented software based on their project needs  50th year anniversary Icon Vehicle Electric Model (NDA permits more info) • Design Software Interface to CAN controlled Curtis Electric Motor Controller • Embedded Linux SBC to Can controller • Qt c++ User Interface design and current implementation for Car Touch Console • Interface with CAN buttons, and switches on vehicle to eliminate Wiring Harness complexity  Solar Recharge Lithium Iron Phosphate Mobile Power Station • Integrate our power management controls into a mobile solar generator trailer solution for Rapid Response to any emergency energy requirements. (reestablish power) • Integrate c++ libraries/applications to extract all on board trailer information and transmit over web services as well as a GPB (google protocol buffers) communication cloud back end. • Wrote a data center hosted WebApp in J2EE to broker central data collection/alerts/threshold events. • Data Log and Graph all information to mobile first, Web Interface • Wireless (wifi/zigbee) communications for multiple deployed units and central hub station.PRINCIPLE ENGINEERREEL-TV.COM-August 2011 to June 2012contracted under HUPLA.com  Slot Machine Video Board project • Developed new SOCplatform for Slot Machine Video Kiosk upgrade. I designed/implemented a c++ SDK library around vlc and gstreamer. • Designed a full GUI interactive application front end, to allow a full 2 way interactive Kiosk Conceirge System (www.reel-tv.com) to integrate into legacy slot gaming machines. Used QML and QT • Customized linux distro to be embedded Linux stable, and extend existing functionality of a Slot Machine to a networked real time interactive user experience. • All client side development was done with QT C++ application library, and 'c' device drivers I wrote to interface with existing Slot Computer. • Designed and coding for servers to distribute all multimedia content to manage thousands of real time slot machine on casino floor, for the distribution of Videos, video play lists, machine health, updates, user profile management, and offers managed in real time. Server side technology was a collection of 'C' programs and Python scripting. • I designed and implemented API's for programming staff to interact with lower level libraries, at higher application level, able to delegate business rule development to larger programming staff. Network Communication protocols were abstracted in the API libraries. Press release: http://www.casinoenterprisemanagement.com/newswire/reel-tv(TM)-announces-john-frailey-chief-technology-officer SENIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEER (JAVA, c++) GARMIN INTERNATIONALConnected Services ArchitectGarmin Intl - Olathe, KS-April 2009 to August 2011and Principle Developer of Connected Services product development. Responsible for data reduction protocols for device to server communications. Implement per RFC, client-server and peer-peer data packet messages and streams. Java J2EE development incorporating Spring Framework on JBoss • Analysis, design, coding, testing and eventually knowledge transfer for an Air-to-Ground and Ground-to-Air Satellite Server transfer system. Built an entire binary streaming data exchange as well as text message packet exchange, (REST) that incorporates the following features; utilizing Java, JBoss, Unix, bash, python ◦ PacketFactory binary parsing container ◦ PacketRouter message controller ◦ Continuous streaming RIPPER, that auto aligns and error recovers based on bad bit placement or corruption. ◦ Multiple front end protocol adapters that abstract UDP, TCP, Satellite (proprietary), Serial, and HTTP transfer. ◦ Encryption and Checksum algorithm validation of received packets ◦ Multithreaded pooled connection Java Server and c embedded clients  • Principle developer for IN-VEHICLE GSM dialer over VOIP to ring the radio board, and bring GPIO pin high, and transfer control packets to vehicle, all triggered through a Connected Server event utilizing; C, Unix, JNI • Developed a blowfish embedded c library for secure transfer on PayPerDay service operation which mounted in a Marine Antenna, on an arm processor with only 256k of memory; developed in C. • Day to day task driven by back end services needing to supply devices data driven services, proxying and offloading (extremely complex) operations back to the server farm. This more mature system continuously grew, and ran in a load balanced JBoss-Tomcat clustered Middleware SOA • Additional responsibilities included architect and develop for Garman Connected Services, a service connecting cell phones and GPS to Garmin cloud services which helped to keep the scale of this system manageable, and modular. Much of this activity is not typical web development, but uses HTTP protocol server framework, and extends the ServletInputStream and ServletOutputStream in a manner best optimized for the embedded devices. • Designed Spring templates for DAO usage in a codebase that did not comply with an existing DataStore abstraction layer. • Incorporated DAO interfaces for HTTP sources, JDBC sources, Hibernate, and many live web service layers. (proxies to 3rd party services or mashups)co-founderHupla , Razorstream, and Hupla LLC-2006 to 2009of Hupla, was responsible from inception, of a low cost, hardware accelerated SOC, multimedia, embedded Linux computer platform (Appliance Development Kit). All development work was done with Texas Instruments and c2microsystem processors, the dm6446 and jazzII respectively. • Architected all software designs and lead programmers for all product implementation stages. • Managed a team of 4 developers and filled the role of lead programmer/architect for a VideoPhone application, VideoRecorder, VideoPlayer, Live Broadcasting station, and STB playback system. Accomplishments for projects included: ◦ Developed API's in 'C' programming language to interface with DSP codec features ◦ Designed and programmed high level API library for 3rd party developers to interact with SDK ◦ Ported Embedded Java JVM to arm and MIPS based processor board. ◦ Developed the GUI application framework with C++ , ported QT 4.5.0 to arm platform ◦ Developed a second GUI application framework in JAVA ◦ Created custom reusable GUI widgets for 3rd party developers ◦ Created RSS protocol objects for dynamic menu updates and publishing of content ◦ Integrated open source 'C' pjSip call stack for the videophone ◦ Developed working lab exercise programs for 3rd party programmers and training course ◦ Incorporated accelerated hardware multi framebuffer display algorithms, to show PictureInPicture and simultaneous menu overlays ◦ Implemented Berkley Socket programs for in field auto update programs to device from server ◦ Custom designed and developed a central registrar for phone book entries, and number lookups for buddy list, contact system ◦ Developed j2me cell phone application to be used as STB remote control ◦ Developed an IN-VEHICLE audio/video recording/playback system in 3 month contract for customer based on our SDK.  • Created a wiki support site, and put together training program teaching other developers the use of our API and embedded applications. • Conducted training program, and advanced workshop on sale of ADK licenses. • Server side development was based on J2EE development, and utilized JDBC and Hibernate, Spring was used for Dependency Injection , Inversion of Control patterns.PRINCIPLE DEVELOPERHupla , Razorstream, and Hupla LLC-2001 to 2009Hupla LLC.CTO & Java Software EngineerHupla , Razorstream, and Hupla LLC-2003 to 2006transferred from HELLONETWORK below) • Promoted to CTO after serving 1 year as lead architect/developer of client and middleware software development. Originally implemented core media API developed at hellonetwork (below). Upon a stable revenue generating successful roll-out, went on to clean room standards based VIDGRID SOA clustered transcoding middleware for use as Video Sharing Service. • Architected a VideoEmail, a web based application. Largest application evolved to Video Blogging, Social Networking website www.helloworld.com. The RS technology was a SaaS backend. • Architected and designed service based (SOA) hosting service now offered at Razorstream. VIDGRID is Patent Pending and I hold the inventor status. Responsible for the design and lead developer of the following features: ◦ Wrote J2EE app server code to handle incoming media files from a browser and store into backend clustered storage farms ◦ Designed and coded 'C' and java rack mountable appliance for a/v transcoder, convert from one codec/container format to another based on real-time profile selected. ◦ Scheduler protocol: designed and coded network messaging to manage cluster processing ◦ Designed media configuration profiles to transcode to outbound formats (bitrate, res, codec etc) ◦ Writing activeX bridges to JAVA and 'c' programs (JNI) to incorporate into our API ◦ Coded GUI network diagnostic programs to monitor live data center cluster farm of servers ◦ Coded real-time network socket programs for billing system, and real-time performance monitors ◦ Analysis, design and coded a Java Media Server complying with http progressive download protocol. It required strict compliance with all major media players. (windows media, QuickTime, flash, etc) ◦ Unicast and Multicast socket messaging programs for servers to communicate and load balance audio video buffers, and session information ◦ Optimized in memory buffering system, for pooled unicast network connections. ◦ Coded video player, on j2me cell phone, for playback streaming from our serversSOFTWARE ENGINEERHupla , Razorstream, and Hupla LLC-2001 to 2003• Developer for a lightweight multimedia API library based on our own proprietary audio and video codec; directly responsible for architectural design decisions on the API, collaborate with other experts on team to decide best interfaces, and optimize instructions in code for speed, and reduced footprint. • Wrote several pilot applications in j2me and cldc java, using our API libraries, to stream video and audio to the handsets in 2001. My application was utilized for the keynote at javaone demonstrating the new nextel I-85 j2me enabled cell phone. Worked closely with sun microsystems and early access programs • Directed R&amp;D and collaborated with 4 different microprocessor companies assisting in including hardware accelerated instructions in their chips. These were targeted on next gen cell phone platforms. • Ported the win32 audio/video capture broadcasting network and GUI client, to Linux 'C' and java code.SkillsENGINEER (10+ years), SOFTWARE ENGINEER (10+ years), LINUX (10+ years), PROCESSOR (9 years), API (8 years)Additional InformationTechnical Skills GO programming language Mobile and embedded device programmnig 'c' programming language: c++ programming: object oriented design and impl. patterns, STL, c++11 embedded linux c/c++ ESP8266 wifi , Arduino/Atmega microprocessor programming  unit test methodology, continuous integration protocols experience: embedded linux development linux server programming http, REST, XML, rpc, xml, WebServices ajax, xml-rpc, json, google protocol buffers, binary GO Language - concurrent parallel programming Go Programming Language makefile and autobuild scripts extreme programming, SCRUM practices QT c++ framework toolkit, and GTK+ MVC design, good documentation skills, UML Subversion, SCRUM python programming using oo and frameworks ide's: VI, eclipse, kdevelop, microsoft studio, arduino, IdealJ, Webstorm unix sysadmin skills for linux, dba skills: postgres, mysql, mssql, jdbc driver javascript interpreted language programming Docker Containers and Vms, microServices  operatingSystems: linux, embedded linux, unix, OSX, Windows, virtualbox, , windows, AWS, Azure  2016 July - Current www.Cree.com IoT Lead Software Engineer/Architect Hired to solve a current failed attempt at a Digital Ceiling Gateway product. https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/solutions/workforce-experience/digital-building/index.html  Using the GO language as the chosen technology, I transformed (2) earlier generations of wireless mesh and PoE light fixtures , I developed a multi tiered microservice Gateway, enabling Sensor and Actuator communications to the device network. Utilizing microservices I was able to decouple code bases on a more modularized functional design.  Utilized gRPC service calls, using GPB (google protocol buffers) as the marshaling standard for microservice communication. I unified multiple different binary position protocols. I also defined a new GPB TCP/TLS end device that could also be configured to use JSON over TCP/TLS  The public side of the Gateway utilized HTTP Rest API, WebSockets and public facing Message Queues for event subscription. A client SDK was also developed to provide a fast start for all new adopting developers.  MQTT and WebSocket tunneling was leveraged to penetrate from inside out, corporate firewall configurations in full compliance using CA signed certificates.  Choosing GO compiled language supporting multiple processor platforms and operating systems turned out to be a great decision. We now have (3) gateways products as part of the suite, ranging from ARM for small system sub $30 gateway, to a super server having (8) network ports and a quad core X86 processor. Final MicroServices were Dockerized (www.docker.com) as containers and built with High performance using concurrency and parallel programming were achieved.  I developed the first version of the TCP/TLS endpoints, using (3) processor families. Esp32 running FreeRTOS, mediaTek 7688 running OpenWRT and NXP MX6 processor using Yocto to build the linux system.  Instrumental in converting waterfall development into Agile/Scrum development methodologies focused on 6 month release plan. V2.0 Gateway won Product of the Year for the International Light Fair Convention in Philadelphia May 2017. http://www2.cree.com/smartcast-landing-page  Upon completion and achieving the award for Product of year above, was promoted as lead Architect/programmer for the Embedded Team and the Middleware Gateway.  Skills learned and updated: • Time Series Databases (TSDB) • Postgres - TimescaleDB design, administration, development • REST API development and optimizations • Docker Container Management and Packaging • COAP, UDP, BCAST, multicast, TCP/TLS, zeroconf and more • Virtual Machine packaging for those not interested in buying our Appliance. • CoreOS setup and operations deploying all our containers onto • Docker containerization of all Micro Services • Cloud management and Message Queue development • MQTT secure message queues • AWS IoT Things SDK • gRPC microservicesEmail IoT golang Architect - Software EngineerDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: May 22, 2018©2018 Indeed
Student Web DeveloperLaboratory of Neuro-Imaging-December 2017 to March 2018• Contributor in the development of database driven web applications for rapid, real-time information sharing. • Used React.js, Golang on IRIS framework, MySQL. • Version control with GitLab using JIRA task management and Agile workflow. • The portal contains a variety of educational content using Big data U's Erudite knowledge maps with private account to create/modify/save/delete resources and receive personalized recommendations. • Big Data Portal: https://bigdatau.ini.usc.edu/homeSoftware EngineerAricent Technologies Pvt. Ltd-November 2015 to June 2016• Design analysis and implementation/enhancement of OSS/BSS for Hughes Network System. • Involved in the entire release cycle from development to testing. Achieved CSAT of 5/5 for the financial year. • Development in Java on SOA principles with end systems as Oracle BRM and Oracle Database.InternAricent Technologies Pvt. Ltd-January 2015 to October 2015Enhanced Order Management Project: o Project undertaken to migrate the existing Order Management module from jQuery to AngularJS based framework. o This project also served as a Proof of Concept to display the capabilities of AngularJS to the client. o The project was successfully implemented, praised by the client and was a key part of procuring new business. - Online Repository for Unit Test Cases: o Tool developed for creating an online accessible database for Unit Test Cases based on various parameters, such as team, release number, module, or functionality. o Also used to create single or consolidated preformatted Excel reports instantaneously using Apache POI library.EducationMS in Computer ScienceUniversity of Southern California - Los Angeles, CAAugust 2016 to May 2018B. Tech in Information TechnologyPunjab Technical UniversityAugust 2011 to May 2015SkillsANGULARJS (Less than 1 year), APACHE (Less than 1 year), jQuery (Less than 1 year), JAVA (Less than 1 year), APACHE SOLR (Less than 1 year)Linkshttps://abhishek-sehrawat.github.iohttps://www.linkedin.com/in/abhishek-sehrawatAdditional InformationTECHNICAL SKILLS Programming Languages: Java, Go-Lang (Beginner). Web Technologies: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, React.js, AngularJS Bootstrap4, npm, Sass, Less. Operating Systems: Windows, Linux (CentOS, Ubuntu) and macOS. Applications &amp; tools: GitHub, GitLab, JIRA, Apache POI, AWS, Solr.Email Student Web DeveloperDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 11, 2018©2018 Indeed
Linux EngineerShield Watch - Tampa, FL-September 2015 to Presentfor effective provisioning, installation/configuration, operation, and maintenance of systems hardware and software and related infrastructure. As Linux Engineer I assist project teams with technical issues in the Initiation and Planning phases of our standard Project Management Methodology. Experience with Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP), Virtual Network Computing (VNC), Secure Shell (SSH), and Virtual Private Network (VPN) remote access protocols.  Experience with networking protocols and applications such as DNS, SMTP, SNMP, SSH, SSL, FTP, SCP, TFTP and others. Experience with VirtualBox/VMWare ESXi virtualization software, and guest management. Proficient with the following Linux distributions: Ubuntu Desktop &amp; Server, CentOS/RHEL/Fedora and Solaris. Responsible for planning and implement Linux project deployments based on customer requirement. Responsible for build, on-board and deliver Virtual Work Space (VWS) Service as per customer/project requirement. Responsible for deploying, build and on-boarding physical servers at our global data centers and customer's remote locations. Implement and enable monitoring for all installed systems. Update and Implement server handover processes as per delivery standards and update documents. Responsible for maintaining Asset &amp; Configuration Management system for deployed server assets. Keep systems updated with new and latest compatible software. Security Audits and make sure all the systems are secured and compliance with company/client security policies. Responsible for monitoring and keep customer deliveries on time. Responsible for all backups with Amazon S3 Responsible for all firewall on managed services. ConfigServer Firewall (csf) and iptables Responsible for all Webmin with Virtualmin, Cpanel and CentOS Linux Web Hosting control panel servers and setup Web Application Firewall monitors and controls access to your system, including all inputs and outputs.Manager, Internet Technology ConsultantNOC - Tampa, FL-January 2002 to August 2014I held the position of NOC Manager for ITC having been promoted through various positions including network and systems engineering. I am responsible for the day to day operations of all Systems and Services and report directly to the Company owner. We tough spammers how to become ICANN complaint. Deployment and ongoing management of multiple customer PBX systems Provide assistance on Linux and Unix operating systems also. Responsibilities as a NOC technician include develop, implement and maintain the solutions that support and help the company's wire line and wireless networks. Work in the diverse group of the network operation technicians for the repair activity of broadband, narrowband, wireless applications etc. Work on the IP networking, 2 and 3 tiers, configuration audits and market acceptance. Designed and deployed enterprise data center from the ground up Manage the hardware installation, capacity planning and physical infrastructure Act as the lead architect in designing or approving all IT infrastructure deployments  Manage a team of engineers who monitor and administer our own, and customer owned IT infrastructure• Act on behalf of customers in dealing directly with Internet services such as registries and DNS registrations Provided phone support and onsite support while using ticketing system. Project leader on network redesign Manage and Implanted Migrations from Server 2003 to Server 2008/2012 Researched, recommended and implemented network enhancements that improved system reliability and performance Replaced customer manufacturer's vulnerable network with robust security through joint architecture of firewall and DHCPSystems AdministratorHostway Corporation - Tampa, FL-January 2000 to 2002I managed IT infrastructure for various companies who had outsourced their IT support to Hosted Ventures. I was directly responsible for solutions that improved the functionality and system reliability. Duties ranged anywhere from virus removal to converting a company over to a domain from a workgroup. I also had responsibility for Hosted Ventures internal corporate IT. Created and updated documentation for internal systems related to NOC operation Diagnose, repair, and configure mail services using Send mail, Postfix, Qmail, and dovecot Configure and manage webhosting and spam filtering services The senior engineer in a team of 9 administrators providing support for 5000+ customer servers Provide technical support to customers via phone and email. Creating, updating, and completing trouble tickets as needed Created clear documentation for the client's network and IT infrastructure Mentoring and training newer engineers Worked within the networking department to identify and resolve issues with monitoring systems Tested new phones, PBX and routers to find issue or new way to do installs Provided assistance in repair, preventive maintenance, and hardware/software installation Network Redesign/ Improvement Provide Remote monitoring and management Provided systems administration support for UNIX systems including server and workstation upgrades, backup and disaster recovery monitoring, user account setupEducationhigh school diplomaDesoto High School1987 to 1991SkillsFIREWALL (10+ years), LINUX (10+ years), UNIX (10+ years), CHANGE MANAGEMENT (2 years), SOLARIS (2 years)Additional InformationSkills  Apache, Automation, backup, Basic programming, C, CLI, change management, hardware, configuration management, CPU, CSS, Client, DBA, Databases, Dell Servers, designing, Eclipse, firewall, HTML, IBM, Ide, IIS, Java, LAMP Stack, LINUX, Linux 6.x, Linux OS, Migration, MongoDB, MYSQL, network, Networks, OS, Operating System, ORACLE, DB, Oracle SQL, policies, processes, Python, reading, Red Hat Linux 6. X, Red Hat Linux, RedHat Linux, scaling, SSH, Server Consolidation, Servers, Shell, scripts, Scripting, shell script, software installation, Sun Solaris 8, Solaris, SQL Server, statistics, Tivoli, Tomcat, troubleshooting, UNIX, upgrade, Veritas, VPN, web serversEmail Linux EngineerDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 6, 2018©2018 Indeed
C++/Golang ProgrammerCargill - Wichita, KS-May 2017 to PresentResponsibilities • Developed C++ SOAP services and corresponding client libraries that will run under Linux and Unix flavors. • Developed Micro services using Go language and developed corresponding test cases. • Developed database architecture, schema and queries. Fined tuned performance for various stored procedures. • Collaborate with other development teams, quality engineering team and documentation team to execute on product deliverables • Specified, prototyped, developed and tested an object-oriented, multiplatform C++ framework containing support to: data structures, common algorithms sockets, threading. • Developed TCP/IP servers, Messaging systems using RabbitMQ. • Created PDF reports using Golang and XML documents to send it to all customers at the end of month with international language support. • Used Kubernetes for deploying and scaling and managed Docker containers with multiple namespace versions. • Designed, coded, implemented and tested new features and modules for the derivatives system as part of an Agile team. • Involved in writing optimization techniques for more accuracy of Macros in C/C++, C++ routines and Oracle SQL, PL/SQL. • Migrated code base from SVN to GitHub and trained the team for various git commands. • Supported various applications in production for crashes and fixing various bugs.  Environment: Golang/Go, C++, Linux, Unix, Fortran, Design Patterns, Git, Kubernetes, Docker, SQL-Loader, XML, Oracle, Apache, stored procedures, Boost Libraries, GDB, Jenkins, Splunk.C++ DeveloperASML - San Diego, CA-January 2016 to May 2017Responsibilities • Worked in a team to develop/enhance software to compute income projections, various yields using cash flows for all type of fixed income securities like Treasuries/ MUNIs/ Corps based of various characteristics of securities in a portfolio for client accounts. • Modified C++ programs to support compliance rule automation for a large number of compliance rules for client accounts for both pre and post trade compliance purposes and manage leverage using a large number of metrics like industry exposure, security type, long/short positions, currency / securities / options / futures, credit ratings etc. • Modified multi-threaded C++ programs to process position / taxlot / transaction data stored in Oracle DB, compute income projections and yields and persist data into DB for current and historical references. • Used STL containers, algorithms, various data structures and design patterns in software design like Singleton for caches, db connections &amp; Observer pattern for processing events. • Wrote Oracle stored procedures to compute several metrics like realized/unrealized gain/loss, forex rate effect etc. from historical data considering forex rate effect • Developed various Python scripts for reports, maintenance tasks and unit test cases. • Migrated from SVN for source control to git, local github. • Generated various reports ranging from Custom to regulatory reports using Python. Delivered using FTP/email to vendors, regulatory agencies. • Used gpg to encrypt the files. Generated public/private keys, has good knowledge on security protocols. Environment: Embedded C, C++, Fortran, Design Patterns, Oracle, MySQL, Python, bash, ksh, Linux, Threads, complex SQL queries, stored procedures, SVN, git, github, OOAD, BOOST libraries, gdb, Coverity, Jenkins, FIX protocol, Redis, Rabbit MQ.Software/C++ DeveloperXerox - Germantown, MD-October 2012 to December 2015Responsibilities • Responsibilities include working with business users and back office team in understanding requirements, design, development, testing, deployment and production support. • Designed, developed, tested and deployed a position loader for loading settled positions into the database. • Utilized C++, BDE, STL, and thread pool to achieve optimal design efficiency. • Designed and developed a Mark-to-Market application to mark the securities with market prices to evaluate the collateral margin exposure. • Utilized C++ templates, OO Design Patterns. Developed new locate modules (to match short sell trades) using C++, Oracle on Solaris and Linux. • Created new compliance reports using Python reports include Limit Manager Breach History, positions borrowed in excess of orders, US Tag MSI reports, Finra OATS and other reports. • Designed and developed new C++ modules for sending open contracts to Equilend for reaching price agreement with counterparties. • Designed and developed C++ programs for borrowing shares from fully Paid customer positions. Utilized C++ and Oracle. Git was used as the Source Control tool. • Python Scripts were designed and developed for Data Import/Export and Conversions. • Used Test driven approach for developing the application and Implemented the unit tests using Python Unit test framework. • Designed a Web Interface for test application using Java that validates the results in web version and also worked in a team in creating the Spring Microservices based Architecture. • Enhanced the exposure reports that explain in detail the exposure involved at various levels in a trade (security, counterparty, currency etc.) Environment: C, C++, Python, Java, Spring Microservices, Singleton design pattern, Observer pattern, FIX protocol, MQ, Solaris, Linux, STL, BOOST, Thread Pool, TCP/IP, SOAP services, caching data and IPCProgrammer/AnalystSoft Sol - IN-June 2009 to September 2012Responsibilities • Modified C++ programs to add security features for credit card transactions. • Worked with users from requirement gathering to the final delivery of the product, support and rollout. • Analyzed, Designed and modified multithreaded applications to support guest loyalty program, seapass cards and revenue management. • Enhanced Matlab code to C++ code to manage revenue information onboard for both crew and guests. • Used STL components like containers, iterators, function objects and algorithms in applications. Used SVN for source code control. • Used sockets for communication with vendor API for POS systems • Modified &amp; tested scalable, multithreaded, high throughput C++ programs. • Modified existing multithreaded server infrastructure to push additional indicative information to downstream subscribers. • Implemented additional validation logic for a rule engine server that checked for logical inconsistencies in indicative data and reported them in a user workflow using C++, STL and multithreading. Optimized design and code for high performance and fixed various bugs. • Proposed the compensation algorithm and simulated it in MATLAB also used various data structures/design patterns like Observer, Singleton, Facade in software design. Wrote Python scripts to manage end of day (EOD) tasks • Used C++ interface/SQL to update/retrieve information from MySql DB. Environment: C, C++, STL, Matlab, Simulink, Unix, AIX, Linux, g++, gcc, Python, pdb, Shell Scripting, Oracle, SVN, event handlers, Observer Pattern, multithreading, thread pools, IPC, gpg encryption, gdb, dbx.EducationBachelor in Electronics and Communication engineeringJNTUSkillsC++ (9 years), DESIGN PATTERNS (9 years), LINUX (9 years), ORACLE (9 years), PYTHON (7 years), Matlab (3 years)Additional InformationTechnical Skills:  Topics Technologies Programming Languages C, C++, Go, Java Script, Python, Shell Scripting (ksh, bash), SQL.  Operating Systems Red Hat Enterprise Linux, Fedora, CentOS, Ubuntu, Sun Solaris, IBM AIX, Windows Server Databases Oracle, Microsoft SQL Server, IBM DB2, MySQL, SQLite, MongoDB Libraries &amp; Frameworks STL, Boost, BDE, IPC, multithreading, sockets, heap allocators, signals/event handling, SOAP webservices, REST Services, Python Unit test, numpy, matplotlib, django  Software Design Singleton, Observer, Façade, Abstract Factory Design Patterns UML diagrams and other OOP/OOD concepts Tools pdb, dbx, gdb, CVS, SVN, git/github, Kubernetes, Matlab, Simulink, Docker, putty, Redis, GoogleTest, Google Mock, cppcheck, Coverity, Jenkins, emacs, eclipse, FTP, UML tools, MS-Office, splunk, Kibana, VMWareEmail C++/Golang ProgrammerDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: May 22, 2018©2018 Indeed
Product Development EngineerVerizon Labs - San Jose, CA-June 2018 to Present2 / MTS 3 • Developed scalable and fault tolerant REST APIs using Golang, Cassandra for high revenue generating, value added services project. • Designed and developed high reliable, and scalable messaging system for inter-microservices and external communications. • Implemented strategies for existing microservices to support active-active dual data centers for high availability of APIs.Software Engineer InternTata Consultancy Service for Verizon Labs - San Diego, CA-December 2017 to May 2018Developed scalable REST APIs as micro-services using Java, Spring cloud, and Netflix OSS which provides customers with real-time device diagnostics data for 21 million active devices. • Designed and Developed a scalable and robust framework using Java, Spring cloud for performance and Key Performance Index aggregation for micro-services which interact with 21 million IoT (Internet of Things) devices. • Designed and Developed a re-usable logging framework in Java and JavaScript which reduced boilerplate code in individual services and increased logging efficiency, error handling, and error analysis by 15%.Software Engineer InternVerizon Labs - San Diego, CA-June 2017 to December 2017• Developed libraries and frameworks in JavaScript for code reusability, resulting in reduction of development time by 30%. • Reduced server round-trip time by 50% by developing efficient HTTP modules in JavaScript (Angular 5) for web application. • Refactored critical modules of the application by reducing the complexity of existing code base, resulting in improvement of application's performance and response time by 50%. • Designed the architecture of reporting micro-service, resulting in saving 50% of sprint time. • Achieved consistent and on-time delivery throughout sprints with individual velocity at 150%, resulting in increase in team's performance by 30%.Full Stack Software Engineer (Research Assistant)San Diego State University - San Diego, CA-September 2016 to July 2017Designed and developed a scalable Scientific Conference Management System following micro-services architecture using Java 8 (Spring Boot), Netflix OSS, JavaScript, Angular 4, MySQL, and Docker swarm for orchestration. • Designed and developed web applications for events, student management, and for automating manual tasks using Java and JavaScript.Freelance Solution Architect & Lead Full Stack Software EngineerRiskmatics LLC - Bengaluru, Karnataka-January 2016 to December 2016Laid out the architecture for backend server and front application for Rideshare application and Real time prediction game. Decomposed functional requirements to technical requirements and responsible for selection of technologies for the technical stack. • Designed and developed backend REST-APIs in Java and Node JS for real time ride sharing and Game prediction application. • Developed Admin dashboards using JavaScript (Angular) for client interaction, analysis, and client engagement. • Lead a team of five engineers for integration of back end APIs with Mobile applications.Software EngineerHewlett Packard Enterprise - Bengaluru, Karnataka-August 2014 to June 2016• Developed a reminder application using Java, C#, and JavaScript which increased the employee's timesheet entry compliance by 33%. • Developed applications using Java Spring framework and Angular JS which automated tasks and saved 200+ man-hours/week. • Developed an application in JavaScript which optimized ticket resolution time by 80%, resulting in achieving higher SLA time. • Awarded with "Process champion" for helping HPE save thousands of dollars in billing loss. • Improved the performance of Android app by reducing time complexity, which helped the app to run on 512MB RAM devices as compared to previously used 1GB RAM, resulting in saving 25% of cost in device procurement.EducationM. S. in Computer ScienceSan Diego State University - San Diego, CAMay 2018B. E. in Information ScienceJSS Academy of Technical Education - Bengaluru, KarnatakaMay 2014SkillsJAVA (4 years), JAVASCRIPT (4 years), ARCHITECTURE (2 years), ANDROID (2 years), C# (1 year), Product Development, Microservices (2 years), Spring boot (2 years), Netflix OSS (1 year), Angular 5 (2 years), Angular 1 (3 years), TypeScript (2 years), Golang (Less than 1 year), Redux, Docker (2 years), Mesos (1 year), Marathon (1 year), RESTful API (3 years), Cassandra (1 year), MongoDB (3 years), JPA (2 years), Java AOPLinkshttp://pavankp.websitehttps://github.com/pavanpkp33https://www.linkedin.com/in/pavanpkp33Additional InformationTECHNICAL SKILLS Programming Languages: Java 8, Go Lang, JavaScript ES6, TypeScript, C#, Python, PHP, C, C++. Frameworks and Technologies: Node.js, Spring boot, Spring Cloud, Angular 5, React, Ribbon, Eureka, Zipkin, Zuul, Feign, Android, Angular 1, Apache Kafka, Redux, jQuery, HTML 5, CSS3, Docker, Git, Maven, Gradle, Mesos, Marathon, Heroku. Databases: MySQL, MSSQL, Cassandra, MongoDB, SQLite, Firebase.  PROJECTS Complete list of projects at http://pavankp.website Bugs-buddy Node.js, Angular.js, Express, MongoDB, HTML5, CSS3 • Developed an application like JIRA to manage SDLC tickets using MEAN stack which helped HPE save millions in licensing costs. Thor Java, Spring cloud, Sleuth • Developed a minimal configuration library to log and trace a HTTP request's execution time for analysis and troubleshooting. Facebook Prototype Java, Spring, Node.js, Angular.js, HTML5, CSS3, BootStrap • Developed a fully functional social networking application like Facebook. Conference Management System Java 8, Spring cloud, Netflix OSS, Angular 5, HTML5, CSS3 • Designed and developed scalable CMS system for SDSU using microservices architecture. SDSUConnect Android, Firebase • Developed an Android application like iMessage which supports real time messaging.Email Product Development EngineerDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 23, 2018©2018 Indeed
Linux AdministratorRandstad Technologies-September 2016 to PresentEnvironment RHEL 7  • Performed RHEL 7 and server builds via Openstack and Kickstart • Provided investigation, diagnosis and /resolution of system, hardware, software and infrastructure issues. • Provided daily system maintenance and monitoring for Physical and Linux Cloud Infrastructure • Managed assigned projects and program components to deliver services in accordance with established guidelines. • Performed data gathering of system requirement to implement system design. • Installed production load tools, and patches as required. • Responsible for providing technical support, solving technical issues associated with daily system administration, operations, repair and monitoring for multiple large scale Unix and Linux-based platforms in complex operational support system.Linux EngineerIvantage-February 2016 to August 2016Environment RHEL 7, Windows 2012 R2  • Performed RHEL 7 and Window Server 2012 server builds via VMware • Provided investigation, diagnostic testing and repair/resolution of system, hardware, software and infrastructure issues. • Provided daily system maintenance and monitoring for Linux Infrastructure • Performed security remediation. • Managed assigned projects and program components to deliver services in accordance with established guidelines. • Performed data gathering of system requirement to implement system design. • Installed production load, tools, and patches as required. • Performed installation, configuraton and testing of new applications (i.e. Docker, Prometheus, Netdata). • Developed bash scripts to automate system/build processing.Systems AnalystCollabera-October 2015 to January 2016Environment RHEL 6  • Responsible for providing technical support, solving technical issues associated with daily system administration, operations, repair and monitoring for multiple large scale Unix and Linux-based platforms in complex Operational Support System. • Provided application build and deployment support via GIT, Maven, and Jenkins. • Installed and configured Docker for testing. • Provided support for RHEL Server builds and application hosting infrastructure. • Developed scripts to automate build process.Build EngineerIBM-August 2014 to June 2015Environment AIX, RHEL, and Solaris  • Gathered system requirements for creation of server build documentation and technical drawing documentation. • Created build documentation solutions, designs and specifications for provisioning of servers • Completed analysis of source legacy host to gather server inventory in support of server refresh effort • Provided support for AIX, RHEL, and Solaris Server builds and application hosting infrastructure • Performed AIX/RHEL migration. • Responsible for providing technical support, solving technical issues associated with daily system administration, operations, repair and surveillance for multiple large scale Unix and Linux-based platforms in complex Operational Support System.Unix EngineerSears Holdings - Troy, MI-May 2013 to July 2014Environment AIX 5.1 to 6.1 and HPUX 11.11  • Handled analysis and troubleshooting for production servers running AIX 5.1 to 6.1 and HPUX 11.11. • Installed production load, tools, and patches as required. • Installed and migrated required applications to target servers. • Configured disk space and perform data migrations. • Responsible for gathering essential data required to meet project objectives. • Installed production load, tools, applications and patches as required. • Provided support for application, web, and database servers. • Resolved incidents reported via incident management system for the productions environment. • Provided tier 1-3 incident resolution for data center serversUnix EngineerDetroit Water & Sewage - Detroit, MI-February 2013 to May 2013Environment AIX 5.1 to 6.1 and RHEL 5  • Investigated and resolved incidents reported via incident management system for the production environment. • Provided tier 1-3 incident resolution for new deployments. • Provided status updates for project deployment activities. • Built, configure, and test Unix servers in 200+ server environment. • Prepared hardware and OS for installation of productions load (AIX &amp;Solaris). • Determined network connection layout and install accordingly. • Determined appropriate rack/power availability and coordinate install. • Gathered pertinent data and produced documented inventory of enterprise servers in all data centersUnix EngineerUnited Health Care - Minneapolis, MN-September 2012 to February 2013Environment RHEL 5.3, AIX 6.0, VMware ESX 5, HPSA  • Responsible for UNIX System Administration with RedHat Linux as the core operating system • Responsible for server build/provisioning for virtual technology environments • Provides support for distributed systems. • Installs and configures Red Hat Linux, via remote installation technologies such as Kick-Start, HPSA, HPOO • Utilized HP Server Automation (HPSA) to provision and maintain servers. • Utilized VMware ESX to provision and maintain servers. • Provides support for Oracle RAC builds. • Researched and Identified solutions to non-standard requests and problem.Unix EngineerEMC - FedEx - Memphis, TN-March 2011 to March 2012Environment RHEL 5.3, Solaris 10.1, HPUX 11, VMware ESX 5, HPSA  • Build and upgrade Enterprise Servers based on standardized procedures specified in the Build Document to meet required standards. • Build, configure and upgrade Enterprise Servers utilizing HPSA Operations management software. • Responsible for configuration, layout, and performance tuning of servers. • Manage, attach/detach, and remediate system policies and custom attributes as required. • Monitor and support Netbackup 7 policies. • Provision DNS allocation as required. • Provide support for user accounting as required • Utilized Korn &amp; Bash shell scripting to automate processes. • Perform system testing for system OS, kernel, operational toolsets and patches for physical and virtual enterprise servers • Perform server provisioning via VMware, Jumpstart, and HPSA tools. • Provide support and maintenance for 1500+ Redhat/Linux, Solaris, and HP-UX physical and virtual servers. • Maintain and develop system documentation as required.Unix EngineerIBM - Fannie Mae - Washington, DC-May 2010 to September 2010Environment: AIX, Solaris  • Monitored and resolved work request, issues, and testing results. • Monitored system performance and addressed test case related issues. • Perform application volume testing. • Provided application and system analysis, for application volume testing. • Compare, move, copy, edit, setup data files and batch jobs. • Kickoff batch job executions and monitor job progress.Unix EngineerArtech - IBM-January 2009 to April 2009Environment: AIX, Solaris  • Worked on Global Security Compliance Project for enterprise wide server infrastructure. • Performed security compliance monitoring, analysis and remediation of all systems. • Performed CMI, ECM, URT and SysReg server validation for assigned servers. • Reviewed Device Baseline for SysReg, CMI, URT, and ECM verification. • Monitored and resolved work request, issues, and incidents via trouble ticket system. • Completed ECM verification for compliance feeds to facilitate server health checks.Unix EngineerIntersect Digital - Ann Arbor, MI-September 2008 to November 2008Environment: Dell PowerEdge 2950, Solaris 11, Redhat Linux 5  • Cloud computing Unix Server support and maintenance for Suburu web refresh project • Provided Apache support. • SVN Repository configuration and support. • Security configuration for Windows Server 2000 Machine. • Monitored and resolved work request, issues, and incidents via trouble ticket system. • Inflectra installation and configuration. • Installed OS and application tools and patches as required. • OC4J installation and configuration • Cruise Control installation and configuration.Unix Risk Assessment AnalystStar Consulting-August 2007 to September 2008Environment: RS6000, P-5 series, AIX 4.3/5.2, SUN E, U &amp; K Class, SUN Solaris, HPUX  • Conducted analysis of the client business processes. • Conducted interviews and research to gather business process information. • Conducted interviews, research, and data gathering for server, and application resource information. • Performed analysis of findings to assist in determining business issues and solutions to satisfy common best practices • Perform business impact IT risk assessments for clients core processing systems • Responsible for gathering essential data required to perform risk analysis. • Install new client software as released and recommended, analyze system and application error logs for troubleshooting application issues. • Performed security compliance monitoring, analysis and remediation of all systems. • Created and presented executive reports for risk assessment findings and made recommendations to eliminate potential risk. • Developed and created vendor management procedure.UNIX EngineerCentegra Health Systems-May 2007 to August 2007Environment: RS6000, P-5 series , AIX 4.3/5.2, NetBackup  • Built, and configured unix servers in 200+ server environment. • Installed and configured OS and productions load (AIX &amp;Solaris). • Installed production load, tools, and patches as required. • Installed and migrated required applications to target servers. • Performed post migration/upgrade testing to verify system functionality. • AIX 5.1 to 5.3 upgrades • Configured disk space and perform data migrations. • Handled analysis and troubleshooting for production servers. • Utilized Autosys to schedule jobs. • Responsible for gathering essential data required to meet project objectives. • Provided tier 1-3 incident resolution for new deployments. • Provided status updates for project deployment activities. • Utilized Korn &amp; Bash shell scripting to automate processes. • Developed, debugged, and implemented Korn shell script to automate DB update process.Unix/Linux AdministratorTekSystems - Canton, MI-November 2006 to April 2007Assigned to: JP Morgan ChaseProject ManagerLivonia, MI-April 2006 to October 2006Environment: SUN E, U &amp; K Class, RS6000, P-5 series , AIX 4.3/5.2, SUN Solaris  • Managed project scope for Health checks and VSRM assessments. • Responsible for coordinating project deliverables, timelines, and meeting client expectations. • Focal point for coordination and communication with clients. • Established project milestones, date and hour estimates through conference calls. • Tracked and monitored projects throughout the life of the project. • Streamlined data collection process in multi-vendor environments and minimize the disruption of daily business activities. • Coordinating, planning and scheduling the delivery of resources within a defined geography. • Obtained final acceptance to close the project and to review the post-project audit.Unix Assessment EngineerHorizon Staffing - Princeton, NJ-August 2005 to March 2006Location: Pittsburgh, PA, Princeton, NJ, and remote support from Michigan Assigned to: IBM Position: Unix Assessment Engineer Environment: RS6000, P-5 series , AIX 4.3/5.2, SUN E, U &amp; K Class, SUN Solaris  • Provided input in meetings with cross-functional business and technical units to plan and organize project. • Tracked and resolved issues during the project. • Worked with customer to gather required information and updated documentation accordingly. • Reviewed and assessed server and application inventories to identify SCON solutions for AIX P-series and LPAR environment utilizing IBM Sizer. • Conducted research and interviews to determine server interfaces, dependencies, configuration, and customization requirements. • Provided application analysis, and assessment to determine application migration feasibility. • Developed application questionnaire documentation. • Completed Server assessment and gave input for phase one SCON recommendations for legacy AIX and Intel environments. • Assisted with NIM configuration support. • Reviewed application assessment to complete application questionnaires. • Provided analysis of server and application related information for AIX, Solaris, and Intel environments. • Tracked availability for critical systems to help in providing accurate consolidation recommendation. • Documented server, application, and database mapping. • Gathered server and application resource information and conducted interviews to gather required information. • Performed post-migration functionality and regression testing. • Interviewed server support staff to gather additional.Unix Systems EngineerZero Chaos Inc - Auburn Hills, MI-January 2005 to June 2005Environment: RS6000, P-5 series, AIX 4.3/5.2, LVM,  • Performed Unix server builds and administrative support in a 1500+ server environment. • Verified that AIX servers meet requirements for Server Consolidation, as-is server build, or new business standard. • Ensured proper documentation, escalation, tracking and follow-up of all Service Center incidents. • Performed Data Migration for Linux and AIX to P-series, and E-series servers as required. • Performed OS maintenance level upgrades for AIX server environment. • Performed Single Point of Failure analysis. • Attended Red team review meetings for Specification/Build document review, and capacity planning verification for pass/fail status and provide input for assigned tower.  • Assisted with HACMP configuration and support. • Validate source/target server configuration against specification document for AIX server environment. • Installed required applications and tools, i.e. WebSphere, middleware, sudo. • Installed OS utilities and tools as required. • Assisted with LPAR configuration and support via the HMC. • File system creation and configuration for JFS and GPFS structures via LVM. • Monitored storage usage and allocation. • Configured EMC storage allocation. • Monitored and resolved work request via Service Center ticketing system. • Coordinated vendor maintenance as required.Unix Systems AdministratorDMC Health Centers - Detroit, MI-May 2003 to January 2005Environment: SUN E, U &amp; K Class, RS6000, P-5 series , AIX 4.3/5.2, SUN Solaris, HACMP, LVM, ServerVantage, Nagios,  • Server/Application builds and support in a 500+ server/workstation environment. • OS and hardware installation from RS6000 to Pseries hardware. • AIX 4.3 to 5.1 upgrades. • Assisted with HACMP configuration and support. • File system creation and configuration for JFS and GPFS structures via LVM. • Utilized Korn &amp; Bash shell scripting to automate processes. • Installation, configuration and testing of Server Vantage system monitoring tool. • Installation, configuration, and monitoring of Adexis system snapshot application. • Backup/File restoration via Veritas Netbackup on L700 tape library. • Veritas Netbackup Policy configuration for AIX, HP, and Solaris servers • Performance tuning for AIX, HP, Linux, and Solaris servers • Process monitoring and management for AIX, HP, and Solaris servers. • File system management, configuration, and data migration for AIX, HP, Solaris and RHEL servers. • Ran security audits and made necessary changes. • Create/delete user/group accounts.Systems AnalystISA Consulting - Dearborn, MI-November 2002 to May 2003Environment: SUN E, U &amp; K Class, RS6000, P-5 series , AIX 4.3/5.2, SUN Solaris, HP-UX, ServerVantage, Nagios  • Analyze and troubleshooting of network, system, and printer issues. • Server/Application/Network support in an Automotive Test Lab environment. • Responsible for supporting HP 10.0 and Sun 2.6 platforms. • Backup/File restores for VAX/VMS and other systems. • Backup/File restoration via Netbackup &amp; ADSM. • VAX/VMS Oracle Data migration development &amp; support. • Utilized Autosys to manage job scheduling. • File system management, cleanup, and load balancing. • Process monitoring and management. • Directory and file restoration. • Create/delete user/group accounts. • Diagnosis and troubleshooting of network and system issues.Business Administrative SupportHawk Realty - Detroit, MI-June 2001 to November 2002Responsible for supporting and troubleshooting all workstations. • Responsible for software support for staff. • Responsible for documentation of company processes and procedures.UNIX System AdministratorFord Motor Co - Melvindale, MI-October 2000 to June 2001Environment: SUN E, U &amp; K Class, RS6000, P-5 series , AIX 4.3/5.2, SUN Solaris, HP-UX, Apache, ServerVantage, Nagios  • Responsible for Global customer/network support for 1500+ SUN and HP servers. • Provided ORACLE administration &amp; support utilizing PL/SQL. • Responsible for monitoring and supporting Oracle processes, log files, &amp; user accounts • Analysis and troubleshooting of network and system issues. • Responsible for troubleshooting Apache servers as needed. • Add/delete and modification of UNIX user accounts. • File system cleanup &amp; load balancing. • Process monitoring and management via Glance &amp; Perfview. • Backup/File restoration via ADSM and Netbackup. • Responsible for testing, training, and documentation of technical processes. • Experienced with UNIX files and file systems. Also file and directory customization to include mounting file systems and drives. • Performance tuning. • Monitor &amp; support of SENDMAIL. • Performed local/remote backups and restores. • Bourne shell scripting. • Utilized FTP and RCP to transfer files. • Responsible for UNIX security issues.Capacity Planning Analyst/ Unix Systems AdministratorFord Motor Co - Dearborn, MI-August 1998 to July 2000Environment: SUN E, U &amp; K Class, RS6000, P-5 series , AIX 4.3/5.2, SUN Solaris, HP-UX  • Liaison to customers to identify client/server funding and capacity requirements to support customer applications. • Supported capacity planning &amp; perfomance management via BMC Patrol • Assisted with MC Service Guard implementation. • Responsible for testing, training, and documentation of technical processes. • Provided ORACLE DB administration &amp; support utilizing PL/SQL. • Issued new security passwords to employees, and changed existing passwords as needed. • Planned and coordinated installations of applications for the customer. • Monitor and provide support to customers using GIRS (Global Incident Reporting System) trouble ticket system process UNIX registration request for projects for all TSO managed servers. • Process UNIX registration requests for all TSO managed servers. • Interface with internal and external customers to assist in defining customer need and instruct customers on processes to follow to obtain desired results from TSO for Client/Server services. • Coordinate project approval from CSIP and resolve discrepancies with customers. • Register projects, created tables and indexes for db space. • Notify customer of UNIX project registration, disaster recovery, issue passwords, and other audit-required information per server.  • Administer UNIX user, project, and application accounts for remote and local systems (client server environment). • Assisted the senior administrator in installations, backups, and troubleshooting Unix servers. • Security administration of UNIX Client/Server systems managed by Technical Services. • Troubleshoot password resets, and login failures. • Process UNIX registration requests for user Ids and projects for all TSO managed servers. • Issued new security passwords to employees, and changed existing passwords as needed. • Monitored and provided support to customers using GIRS (Global Incident Reporting System) trouble ticket system. • Performed deletion of user Ids or renaming of Ids.Health System RepresentativeTHE WELLNESS PLAN - Detroit, MI-January 1989 to January 1998• Provided software support to users with software support issues on Microsoft Office Products. • Add/delete and modification of UNIX user accounts. • Troubleshoot password resets, and login failures. • Responded to written and verbal inquiries from external and internal customers. • Developed user manuals and trained personnel for implementation of AMISYS software. • Responsible for testing and training for Amisys medical management software. • Handled telephone inquiries from physicians and physician office staff regarding The Wellness Plan's administrative policies and procedures. • Maintained and supported provider database on MDQA software. • Handled claims adjudication. • Responded to verbal and written inquiries from external and internal customers regarding member eligibility, benefit interpretation and claims issues. • Prepared and monthly statistical documentation and responded to related inquiries. • Prepared and maintained database for monthly production reports. • Coordinated primary source verification. • Assisted with annual state regulated audits. • Handled online provider orientations.Responded to member and provider inquiries for release of medical informationTHE WELLNESS PLAN - Detroit, MI-June 1988 to January 1989Detroit, MI Position: Medical Records Coder/Release of Information  • Responded to member and provider inquiries for release of medical information. • Assisted with annual state regulated audit. • Coded patient encounter documentation with appropriate ICD-9/CPT diagnosis and procedure codes for billing.EducationCertification in Collabera TACT Online Instructor Lead TrainingMarygrove College - Southfield, MISkillsUNIX (10+ years), AIX (10+ years), SOLARIS (9 years), MS OFFICE (9 years), RS6000 (7 years)Additional InformationTECHNICAL SUMMARY  Languages/Tools: VMWare, Docker, HPSA, Remedy, ADSM, MS Office, NetBackup, Jenkins, Peregrine, Bash, Perl  Environments: HP 9000, SUN E, U &amp; K Class, RS6000, P-5 series, AIX 4.3/5.2, 6.0, SUN Solaris 8,9,10, HP-UX 11, RHEL 5.3, 6, 7Email Linux AdministratorDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 6, 2018©2018 Indeed
Rust College RecruiterPROFESSIONAL EXPEREINCE-January 2017 to January 2018• Visited high schools and college fairs to share Rust College history and opportunities • Speak to the public (churches, organizations, etc.) regarding HBCU offerings and specifically the programs of Rust College • Demonstrated interviewing skills with students, parents, and counselors • Analyze and interpret applicant information ensuring the application process is complete with appropriate documentation • Managed multiple projects simultaneously such as recruitment, applicant processing, presentations, and mentoring studentsDoctoral International/Military Enrollment AdvisorUniversity of Phoenix-2011 to 2015• Served as a recruiter and advocate to potential university doctoral students via phone and email communication. • Provided one-on-one counsel to students on program selection, qualification, residencies, dissertation, and cost. • Offered ongoing communication while supporting students though challenges and provided solution oriented information and recommendations. • Effective communication with other teams consisting of the Office of Admissions, finance, Academic Affairs insuring receipt of documents such as citizenship, transcripts, and funding.Handler/Team LeadFedEx-2008 to 2012Managed, trained, and developed employees to ensure safety and proper loading techniques were in compliance with applicable laws/regulations.Sales & MarketingHotel Management-1999 to 2011• Interfaced with regional manager to develop short/long term organizational goals and objectives • Executed strategic plans, promotions, advertising, forecasts, sales, engineering, housekeeping, food &amp; beverage, and reporting processes • Proven record of accomplishment of increasing revenue, streamlining workflow and encouraging a team environment to enhance productivity • Purchased new equipment and oversaw five hotel renovation projects from inception to completion • Developed strong employee and sub-contractor relationships to deliver high morale and productivity throughout renovation projects • Controlled hotel assets, facilities and equipment while ensuring overall security throughout the hotel • Recognized as top hotel in guest relations and annual employee opinion survey awards program • Managed top hotel accounts that produced 2.7 million in annual revenues. • Forged new relationships and increased targeted markets by 22% in a 14-month period • Increased market share to exceed 130% and Average Daily Rate (ADR) by 5% using break even analysis and other sales techniques • Coordinated advertisement and public relations, leading to a higher market visibility and expanded business opportunities • Collaborated cluster brand and provided trade show presenceHospitality AssociateFood & Beverage-1997 to 1999and profitability for a full service restaurant to rank number three in sales for the region. • Extensive profit/loss experience in managing food &amp; beverage budget to expenditures. • Developed and formalized operational systems and procedures. • Supervised staffing levels to meet guest service needs and financial objectives. • Built and maintained mutual trust, cooperation, and respect with the food and beverage team.liaison in personnel disputes, disciplinary actions, and terminationsMarriott Hotels-1995 to 1997Human Resources &amp; Training 1995 - 1997 • Interact effectively with hourly staff and executive management. • Recruited, selected, hired, oriented, and evaluated associated for hotel positions. • Served as liaison in personnel disputes, disciplinary actions, and terminations. • Processed personnel action forms with proper approvals and updated system as appropriate. • Trained leaders in hotel brand standards and day-to-day operational processes. • Trained managers in diversity awareness, conflict management, and employee retention techniques. • Administered employee benefits including: 401 (k) Retirement Plan, medical/dental, short-term and long-term disability, worker's compensation, and leave of absence. • Served as liaison between employee and insurance providers to ensure positive utilization of medical plans and other benefits.EducationMBAUniversity of Phoenix - Memphis, TNBS in ManagementUniversity of Phoenix - Tucson, AZCertificate in HRMUniversity of Phoenix - Phoenix, AZCertificate in MeditationUniversity of Phoenix - Phoenix, AZSkillsTRAINING (3 years), BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT (Less than 1 year), PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT (Less than 1 year), STRATEGIC PLANNING (Less than 1 year), TEAM BUILDING (Less than 1 year)Additional InformationKEY QUALIFICATIONS ~ Strategic Planning ~ Team Building &amp; Training ~ Vendor Management ~ Performance Management ~ Cost Containment ~ Analytical Skills ~ Communication Proficiency ~ Business Development ~ Time Management SkillsEmail Rust College RecruiterDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 15, 2018©2018 Indeed
Personal Experience As a Student atLinux Academy - Keller, TX-2017 to May 2018• Reset -root password, Created, managed and administered user accounts security on Linux Servers • Maintained server integrity by applying updates and patches per maintenance policies • Mount and unmount CIFS and NFS network file system, Managed and troubleshoot user account issues • Experienced with LVM; created, extended, reduced, and migrated logical volumes • Configured and managed servers which include but not limited to LDAP, NFS, SSH, VFTPD, NTP, etc. • Diagnosed network connectivity issues and configured network • Controlled access to files and directories using ACL permissions • Analyzed RHEL boot sequence, bios, grub, kernel, init, to identify booting related issues • Operated in a diverse environment which includes but not limited to Network, Windows, Unix, and VMware • Performed package management, system updates using yum and rpm • Created new partitions, including raid, logical volumes and swap, format with ext3 and ext4Resized and create logical partitions with an encrypted file system for sensitive data security • Set password aging and account expiration for security • Troubleshoot system issues ranging from booting, network, user account ssh, iptables &amp; SElinux, and system boot issues using rescue environment and single user mode • Secured SSH server for passwordless login and to the local network using iptables • Setup central log server for remote logging and monitored system log files • Configured firewall using iptables and SELinux for the system to reduce security breaches and directories to enable group collaboration and knowledge sharingEducationBachelor of Science in Information TechnologyAt Strayer University - Alexandria, VA2016 to PresentPenn Foster High school - Scranton, PA2013SkillsMount and unmount CIFS and NFS network file system (1 year), Managed and troubleshoot user account issues (1 year), LVM; created, extended, reduced, and migrated logical volumes (1 year), Diagnosed network connectivity issues and configured network. (1 year), Controlled access to files and directories using ACL permissions. (1 year), Reset -root password, Created, managed and administered user accounts security on LINUX Servers (1 year)Certifications/LicensesRed Hat Certified System Administrator (RHCSA) on Enterprise Linux 7Certification: Red Hat Certified System Administrator (RHCSA) on Enterprise Linux 7 Please do find the details in the following By providing https:www.redhat.com/rhtapps/certification/verify/?certid=180-088-098Additional InformationTechnical Skills: Reset -root password, Created, managed and administered user accounts security on LINUX Servers Maintained server integrity by applying updates and patches per our maintenance policies Mount and unmount CIFS and NFS network file system Managed and troubleshoot user account issues Experienced with LVM; created, extended, reduced, and migrated logical volumes. Configured and managed servers which include but not limited to LDAP, NFS, SSH, VFTPD, NTP, etc. Diagnosed network connectivity issues and configured network. Controlled access to files and directories using ACL permissions. Analyzed RHEL boot sequence, bios, grub, kernel, init, to identify booting related issues. Operated in a diverse environment which includes but not limited to Network, Windows, Unix, and VMware. Performed package management, system updates using yum and rpm. Created new partitions, including raid, logical volumes and swap, format with ext3 and ext4Resized and create logical partitions with an encrypted file system for sensitive data security. Set password aging and account expiration for security. Troubleshoot system issues ranging from booting, network, user account ssh, iptables &amp; SElinux, and system boot issues using rescue environment and single user mode. Secured SSH server for passwordless login and to the local network using iptables. Setup central log server for remote logging and monitored system log files. Configured firewall using iptables and SELinux for the system to reduce security breaches and directories to enable group collaboration and knowledge sharing. Scheduling the jobs using Cron. Managing User and Group administration like creating, deleting user accounts. Monitoring the user administration related files. Network file system management, which includes exporting, unexpecting, mounting and unmounting an NFS, FTP, and SAMBA Servers. Monitoring system and troubleshoot system problems. Performing Acl on users and groups. Installing and configuring Red Hat Enterprise Linux. Creating and administrating the users and group accounts. Scheduling the jobs using Crontab and At. Configuring and administrating of file sharing servers (NFS, FTP, and SAMBA). Configuring and maintenance Apache Web Server.  Strengths: Ability to work well with all levels of professionals, Share with other ideas. Ability to learn quickly new technologies. Positive attitude and a good sense of humor Declaration: I consider myself familiar with the aspects mentioned above. I am also confident in my ability to work in a team. I at this moment, declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.Email Personal Experience As a Student atDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 22, 2018©2018 Indeed
Recruitment Advertising Sales ManagerRedHat, Solaris, CentOS, Ubuntu - Kankakee, IL-2015 to PresentI was project manager for restructuring recruitment advertising. We increased sales by 15%.Professional Information Systems Analyst-1995 to PresentHighlights * Assisted in the design and setup of both local and wide area networks. * Researched and Oversaw major upgrades for Advertising, Editorial, and Business systems * Developed a purchase order/inventory system * Setup and managed network devices including servers, hubs, routers, and switches * Developed multiple databases and applications * Designed and managed data center * Developed and documented backup contingency plansPrePress Manager-1995 to Present* Created production workflows * Managed prepress employees * Worked with multiple commercial print customersSystems AdministratorRedHat, Solaris, CentOS, Ubuntu-1995 to Present* Apply updates and patches to servers and workstations * Managed users * Installed software * Designed and maintained system backups * Responsible for network and workstation security  Skills * Unix/Linux server administrator (RedHat, Solaris, CentOS, Ubuntu) * PC (Mac, Windows) * Windows server - NT, 2000, 2003, 2008, and 2012 * Netscreen and PaloAlto firwalls * Cisco routers * Cisco, 3 Com, HP, Asante, XyZel switches * Microsoft SQL, Mysql, Progress, Filemaker Pro databases * Microsoft Office Applications * Symantec Backup Exec 12, Naviko VM Backup, Tar, rsyncSystems Administrator, PrePress Manager, Systems SpecialistRedHat, Solaris, CentOS, Ubuntu-1995 to PresentAdvertising Graphic Designer-1994 to 1995Foreman-1984 to 1994EducationBS in EducationWestern Governors University2017 to 2019Business MarketingOlivet Nazarene University - Bourbonnais, IL1984 to 1985General StudiesKankakee Community College - Kankakee, IL1983 to 1984Email Recruitment Advertising Sales ManagerDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 8, 2018©2018 Indeed
Set up and maintained a server running Ubuntu 14.04 LTSKS Maguire Consulting-2009 to Present- 16.04 LTS • Researched and implemented packages that automatically backup to a central location across Linux, macOS, &amp; Windows on a network • Created tools to monitor and manage bandwidth of cloud-based backup system • Developed Script to automatically update Domain Name for the server and network  Network Administration - KS Maguire Consulting 2009-Current • Designed a network for a maximum of 100 devices over a 2500 square foot location • Developed cost benefit analysis to determine best possible ISP • Designed for overall &amp; peak usage, storage, and network components  Fitotron5000 • Chat bot designed to help users lose weight • Stored user generated data in a MSSQL database • Processed and display data for end usersEducationAssociates in the Arts in Computer ScienceCollege of DuPage2009 to 2017Skills.NET (Less than 1 year), BASH (Less than 1 year), C# (Less than 1 year), C (Less than 1 year), Mac (9 years)Linkshttp://github.com/rigel-evahttp://linkedin.com/in/rigel-evaAdditional InformationTechnical Skills Languages: Ruby, C#, C++, Objective-C, SQL, HTML, CSS, Javascript, PHP, MASM Command Line: Git, Vim, BASH, ZSH IDEs: XCode, Visual Studio 2015/17 Operating System: Windows […] Mac OS […] Ubuntu 14.04 LTS-16.04 LTS  Other Skills: Design &amp; implementation of networking systems, graphic design, Hyper-VEmail Set up and maintained a server running Ubuntu 14.04 LTSDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: May 10, 2018©2018 Indeed
Blue Team MemberSoutheast Collegiate Cyber Defense Competition-February 2018 to April 2018Ubuntu Linux/Sendmail/Postfix/Web-mail administratorChaplain AssistantUnited States Air Force-1998 to 2014EducationBachelor of Science in WilmingtonUniversity of North Carolina - Wilmington, NCMay 2018SkillsC# (Less than 1 year), C++ (Less than 1 year), FORTRAN (Less than 1 year), JAVA (Less than 1 year), JAVASCRIPT (Less than 1 year)Linkshttp://linkedin.com/in/matthivnerMilitary ServiceService Country: United StatesBranch: Air ForceRank: Technical SergeantJune 1998 to August 2014Appropriated Funds Manager: Developed budgets, executed spend plans, researched purchase options, and disbursed funds in support of unit mission.   Customer Service: As a chaplain assistant, I was often the first person a customer would meet when approaching my unit. I'd do triage, and recommend visitors to correct chaplains or other appropriate base agencies based on their needs. I protected the confidential natures of visitors' communications with chaplains.  Deployed Missions: Performed personnel security for non-combatant chaplain corps members. Armored truck driver. Truck, convoy, and mission commander experience. Reviewed and interpreted threat intelligence, made mission recommendations to commanders to ensure mobility missions were executed safely. Community relations missions in two countries. Planned and executed missions to bring material and morale enhancing experiences to both military members and host nation civilians, attempting to relieve hardship and improve host nation perceptions of military.  Compliance Inspector: Internal inspector for ecological compliance and impact. Front line enforcement of federal laws for government purchase card holders. Trained and evaluated unit members for Major Command readiness inspections. Reviewed unit facilities and practices for compliance with DoD/Air Force anti-terrorism instructions. Drafted recommendations to commanders to ensure unit members and locations were postured for safety against terrorist threats.  Information Assurance / Technical Support: Was frequently the "computer guy" for the unit. Maintained computer/communications inventories. Troubleshot user machines and problems before elevating to communications squadron. Trained staff on proper use and accounting of communications equipment. Reset passwords.Commendations:Nato Medal, Air Force Achievement Medal with one oak leaf cluster, Air Force Commendation Medal, Joint Service Commendation Medal with one oak lead cluster.GroupsUpsilon Pi EpsilonApril 2018 to PresentAdditional InformationTECHNOLOGY SKILLS Systems • Linux/UNIX user: Arch, Debian/Ubuntu, Kali, CentOS/Fedora, and pfSense. • Windows: NT4 through 10. • VMWare Workstation user. Programming Languages • Working knowledge of C/C++ and Ruby. Exposure to JavaScript/Node.js, C#, Python, BASH, Java, SQL, Salesforce and Fortran.Email Blue Team MemberDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 4, 2018©2018 Indeed
Interpreter/office managerUbuntu autism consultants-May 2017 to PresentOffice manager for a period of time, now due to distance working from home as an intake specialist and the only interpreter in our company. Boston university certificate as a medical and community interpreterEducationAssociateSkillsBi-lingual Spanish/English. Over 6 years with customer service, also, patient registration at a medical office experience.Email Interpreter/office managerDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 19, 2018©2018 Indeed
Linux System administratorDXC Technologies-February 2018 to PresentResponsibilities: • Installation/Maintenance of Hardware/Software in Production, Development &amp; Test Environment as an integral part of the Red Hat 5/6/7, Centos 5/6.0, Solaris 10, OEL 5/6, VMware 5.x. Worked with VMware ESXi. • Designed implemented/supported Backup/Recovery/Archive, Security, Startup/Shutdown, Mass Storage (SAN/NAS), OS Installations/Patches, Hardware/Software installation, Batch scheduling, Data center Migration, Application and Server performance. • Worked in adding new Users and groups and give sudo access in test and development servers and central file synchronization via sudoers, authorized keys, password, shadow and group. • Coordinated with application team in installation, configuration and troubleshoot issues with Apache, Web logic on Linux servers. • Used VERITAS Volume manager to create disk groups, volumes, volume groups, and RAID.Involved in back up, firewall rules, LVM configuration, monitoring servers and on call support. • Involved in shell scripting for system/application in automating server task, installing and monitoring applications and data feeding file transfer and log files. • On-Call support for integration and remediation of servers and attached peripherals and escalate issues to appropriate groups. • Strong experience working with various Development &amp; Test teams in a dynamic organization environment and experience with a variety of hardware platforms like HP. Setup log rotate for applications logs and system logs. • Regular backing up of critical data and restoring backed up data. Worked in solving tickets issued on day to day activities and problems related to development and test servers. UNIX shell scripting for automation. • Extensively worked with SAN storage, database, middleware and application teams to remediate environment. Setup of full networking services and protocols on AIX, including NIS/NFS. DNS, SSH, TCP/IP. • Installed and configured sudo for users to access root privileges. Monitored infrastructure on monitoring tools sensu. • Upgrades system software and hardware components as required to meet business needs and maintains backups, ensures upgrades are occurring in accordance with established parameters.  Environment: Red Hat Linux 5.x,6.x,7.x Ubuntu 13.x,14.x, ESX 5.5, Suse Linux 11.x,12.x Veritas Volume Manager (VxVM), Apache 1.2/1.3/2.x, Tomcat 6.0/7.0/8.0, DNS, VMware, Apache and Web sphere on HP servers and VSphere 5.0 &amp; 5.5Linux/Unix AdministratorMarketing Associates, MI-December 2016 to December 2017Responsibilities: • Configured kickstart server, JumpStart, Ignite and updating/applying patches to the servers using Red hat Satellite server and Virtual Servers in multiple systems in batches • Performed Installation, configuration of RHEL 5,6,7, Solaris and AIX operating systems. • Actively Involved in Building and configuring of Redhat Linux and Solaris 9/10 servers remotely using Jump Start /Kick Start Servers. • Installation, configuration and management of SAMP (Solaris/Apache/MySQL/PHP) and LAMP (Linux/Apache/MySQL/PHP) stacks. • Manage deployment automation using Puppet, Collective, Hiera, and Custom Puppet modules, Ruby • Monitoring of Linux, Solaris servers using tools like VMstat, IOstat, SAR, top, free. • Install, Update and erase the required packages to provide services using Rpm and YUM up2date. • Worked in configuring and setup connectivity between web servers, database servers and directory servers as a process server administrator. • Maintained a secure hosting environment with latest certified Prism-CMS software, security patches, and software updates and upgrades to database, and application tiers. • Installed and maintain puppet-based configuration management system, configure and managing LVM on Linux using tools like lv extend, lv create, resize2fs etc. Worked on FTP servers for sending and receiving files between local and remote servers. • Involved in Design review meetings and coordinated with application team, BSOL and L&amp;P. • Maintaining Authoritative DNS server and allow to automate records from our customers and experience in E-Mail system troubleshooting and able to read email headers and error. • Production support of Apache, Apache HTTPD, JBoss, Tomcat and Oracle Web logic 10.3 application servers including installation, configuration, and management and troubleshooting. • Strong experience in VM environments like XEN, KVM, Oracle Virtual Box and VM Ware 5.0. • Database administration of MySQL, Oracle or equivalent Data Base programs. • Configuring and maintaining network services such as Virtual hosting, LDAP, DNS, NIS, NFS, Web, SEND Mail, FTP, SAMBA, POSTFIX, QMAIL and SQUID proxy server. • Monitoring the hosts and networks using SAR, dstat, Iostat, VMstat, MPstat, netstat, ethtool and Other Tools. Experienced in working with configuration management tools of open source Puppet. • Designed EC2 instance to meet highly availability with secure application architectures and created policies for S3 buckets and used for storage and backup on AWS. • Familiar with IP addressing and Sub netting and able to set up and or design simple to complex network involving Cisco switches, TP Link port hubs and network routers. • Setup and configured Apache to integrate with IBM Web sphere 7.0 in load balancing environment and worked in solving tickets on daily activities and test servers using BMC remedy.  Environment: RHEL 4.5/5.0/6.0/7.0, Solaris 8 /9, Windows 2007/2008/2010, AWS, EC2, Veritas Volume Manager (VxVM), Veritas Cluster Servers, Veritas Net backup, IBM X Servers X3400, X3550, X3650, X3650M2, TCP/IP, NIS, NFS, DNS, SNMP, DHCP, Apache 2.0, NAS, Oracle 10g, Oracle RAC, Winbind, JBoss 5.x.Linux administratorProcess weaver Systems-July 2015 to November 2016Responsibilities: • Installation of Red Hat Enterprise Linux 4.x, 5.x, 6.x using Kickstart and PXE on HP Blade Servers. • Installing, Configuring and Upgrading of the Cent OS 5.x.Able to configure and Install Fedora core 2 having kernel 2.6. • Performed support role for applications on mission critical Enterprise Networks and Multi-server environments. • Implementations of automatic secure SSH Login, User and Group administration. Configured Printers, Print Server and Print Clients using commands like lp, lpstat, lpadmin, lpfilter &amp; GUI. • Performed quarterly patching of Linux, AIX, and HPUX servers on regular schedule. Involved in up Network/SAN based ignite images for HPUX PA RISC and integrity servers. • Experience on installing and managing different automation and monitoring tools on Redhat Linux like Nagios and Puppet. Worked on POSTFIX mail server running on Red Hat Linux. • Remote system administration using tools like SSH, Telnet, and Rlogin. Implemented open source base monitoring tool Nagios 3.0 for servers, SAN switches, EMC SAN Storage and VMware ESX and ESXi. • Ensure a consistent look and feel across the Web site by promoting uniform fonts, formatting, icons, images, and layout, and creating appropriate templates to assist content authors using different Content Management System as DotNetNuke, Joomla, WordPress and Drupal (LAMP). • Installation of web logic, upgraded to service pack updates, installed BEA patches, configuring and creation new domain, start and stop web logic server. • Setting up JBoss cluster and configuring apache with JBoss on Redhat Linux. Proxy serving with Apache. Troubleshooting Apache with JBoss and Mod_jk troubleshooting for the clients. • Setting up the lab environment with Tomcat/Apache, configuring the setup with F5 virtual load balancer for customer application.  Environment: Red Hat Linux 4.x, 5.x, 6.x, AS ES, AIX 4.3,5.1,5.2,5.3, HP-DL585, HACMP 4.2.x,4.3,4.3.1,4.4 , Veritas NetBackup, 4.5.5, IBM-z/VM, Oracle 9i/10g, Samba, NT/2000 Server, WebSphere, Web Logic 8.1, VMware ESX 2.x, LPAR, DLPAR , Tomcat 3.x,4.x,5.x, Apache Server 1.x,2.x, Korn, BashSystems AdministratorAvaya Solutions-September 2013 to March 2015Responsibilities: • Installation, configuration and administration of Red Hat Linux servers and support for Servers. • Provided 24x7 System Administration support for 300+ Red Hat Linux 3.x, 4x, servers and resolved trouble tickets on shift rotation basis. Configuration of Hardware and Software RAID on Digital &amp; Sun Servers. • Kernel tuning, Writing Shell scripts for system maintenance and file management. Used lilo and fsck to resolved server issues using rescue mode, and single user mode. • Shell scripting for database startups, backups using bash shell scripting. Monitoring system resources, logs, disk usage, scheduling backups and restore. Setup Clustering for Linux servers. • Installation and configuration of Oracle 7.x/8.x. • Configured cascading, mutual takeover and rotating modes of operation of the HACMP and HACMP/ES products. Configuration and Administration of DNS, NIS, NIS+, NFS, Auto mount, DHCP, FTP, LDAP, Samba, Send mail, Servers and clients. Security layers like SSL, SSH, HTTP, SFTP. Installation, configuration and maintenance of Netscape and Apache web server. • Configuration of Hardware and Software RAID, disk replacement and File system recovery Drafted shell scripts for automated installations, to extract logs. • Documented backup policies and procedures for backup routines, schedules and restore policies.EducationMasters in Computer ScienceNorthwestern Polytechnic UniversityDecember 2016Bachelors in Computer ScienceJNTUDecember 2014SkillsAPACHE (4 years), LINUX (4 years), RED HAT (4 years), DNS (2 years), NETWORK FILE SYSTEM (2 years)Additional InformationOperating Systems Red Hat Linux 7.x/6.x/5.x, Sun Solaris 10/9/8, SUSE Linux […] Centos […] VMware, ESX/ESXi 5.x/4.x, Windows […] Hardware HP Blade servers, HP ProLiant DL360G2, DL360G5, DB380, DL385 and DL560 Dell-2950, HP ProLiant, HP-460C Blade, IBM F-series P-series RS6000, SUN M5000 &amp; T2000 servers with SUN ZFS  Web/Application Server Apache, Tomcat […] MQ series, WebLogic 8, JBoss, IIS, Sendmail, Postfix, Squid, Samba, WebSphere 4.x/5.x, DNS Backup VERITAS Net Backup 4.x/5.x/6.x, Wire shark, Send Mail, Postfix. Monitoring Tools Nagios, solar winds, Munin, Cacti. Language SQL, XML, Python, Korn, Bash&amp; Shell Scripting. Cloud Computing AWS Virtualization VMware, Vcenter, XEN,KVM Volume Managers Logical Volume Manager, Veritas Volume Manager, Solstice Disk Suite (Solaris) File System VxFS, UFS, Ext, Ext2, Ext3, Ext4, ZFS. Networking TCP/IP, UDP, LAN, WAN, NFS (version 2/3/4), NIS, LDAP NIS+, DNS, DHCP, NAS.Email Linux System administratorDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 4, 2018©2018 Indeed
TeacherUbuntu Academy - Kansas City, MO-September 2017 to Present-Build a respecting trusting relationship with toddlers. -Create weekly lesson plans to stimulate motor skills development -Assist with hygiene, feeding, and potty training when parents are ready. -Tend to daily center activities and responsibilities.Assistant ManagerGrandview, MO-November 2016 to February 2017Maximize sales and profitablilty by assisiting the store manager with all aspects of center opearations in accordance with company policy. Provides excellent customer service while creating a pleasant and productive work enviornment.Universal AgentMazuma Credit Union - Overland Park, KS-January 2016 to August 2016Responsibilities Handle member request by phone which include: balance transfers, balance inquiry, statement copy requests, loan payments, provide knowledge on banking products that we offer and which product the member may benefit from.Lead Customer Care Center Trainer/ Team CoachJCPenney - Lenexa, KS-October 2012 to December 2015-Facilitates leading CCC training sessions that are in compliance with contractual needs and end user needs.  - Executes Company tools and programs to onboard and certify new hires within the specified timeframe;conducts some on-boarding  -Plans, schedules and executes all required and Company approved positional training and ensures certification within the specified time frame.  -Ensures follow up training for New Hires takes place within the specified time frame based on feedback from Coach/Manager e.g., additional training on functional or safety related topics.  - Works with Logistics Center and Customer Care leadership team when a performance gap is identified -between what is expected of an Associate and what the Associate is currently doing. Provides coaching to leadership on what training options are available to assist the Associate with performance improvement.  -Stays current with Company systems, tools and initiatives by participating in all company training as appropriate. -Maintains training records and works with Manager/Coach to schedule appropriate training for Associates. Provides input on development; develops functional checklists for Readiness Row and disseminates to Coach upon assignment of new Associate, ensures steps are in place for Coach to assist new Associate with duties.  -Create Spreadsheets to show improvement of associates for company on-boarding purposes.  -held phone and face-to-face interviews with call center candidates.Call RepresentativeJCPenney - Lenexa, KS-October 2012 to June 2013-Properly use systems to provide excellent customer service. -Track shipments for caller, in a timely manner, and advise the customer of delivery date/time. • Act as a personal liaison for customers Placing phone orders for • Troubleshoot website issues, providing technical support as needed • Resolving customer requests and inquiriesServant Leader Intern (Seasonal)Freedom School - Kansas City, MO-March 2008 to July 2012Maintain a presentable classroom • Create a 5 day lesson plan for six weeks for 10 students • Get children involved in a thoughtful and meaningful discussion • Make sure children are always participating in a learning environmentCall RepresentativeH&R Block-December 2010 to March 2012Direct Clients to office locations to file taxes • Inform clients of new seasonal products that H&amp;R Block had to offer • Access client accounts, and transfer funds from credit account to spend account • Access client accounts to provide them with their account informationEducationBachelor of Science in Early Childhood AdministrationKaplan University2017 to PresentEmail TeacherDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 7, 2018©2018 Indeed
Linux AdministratorModest Technologies Solutions-January 2015 to Present• Experience administering, installing, configuring and maintaining Linux. • Experience installing, upgrading and configuring RedHat Linux 4.x, 5.x, 6.x using Kickstart Servers and Interactive Installation. • Responsible for creating and managing user accounts, security, rights, disk space and process monitoring in Solaris, CentOS and Redhat Linux. • Configures DNS, NFS, FTP, remote access, and security management. • Creates Linux Virtual Machines using VMware Virtual Center. • Installs, upgrades and manages packages via RPM and YUM package management • Installs Firmware Upgrades, kernel patches, systems configuration, performance tuning on Unix/Linux systems. • Installs, configures and supports Apache on Linux production servers. • Manages Patches configuration, version control, service pack and reviews connectivity issues regarding security problem. • Manages systems routine backup, scheduling jobs and enabling cron jobs. • Administers VMware Infrastructure Client 3.5 and Vsphere 4.1. • Works with Database administrators to tune kernel for Oracle installations.Linux AdministratorUnited Parcel Service - Baltimore, MD-March 2012 to January 2015• Experience administering, installing, configuring and maintenance of Linux. • Experience administering, installing, configuring, and maintaining Linux systems • Created, cloned Linux Virtual Machines, templates using VMware Virtual Client migrating servers between ESX hosts. • Install configures and supports Apache/Tomcat web servers • Able to write effective technical documents and reports as a primary focus of daily duties • Familiar with network systems such as servers, switches, firewalls and routers • Works with Database administrators to tune kernel for Oracle installations • Coordinate and consult with end-users, application development, infrastructure, client services, reporting manager, vendors and team members to meet/exceed user requirements and end-user satisfaction • System monitoring using Nagios for ping and file system observation • Cronjobs set up and administration • Installation of SSH and configuration of keys bases authentication • Patching development, test and productions servers based on given patch cycles and times • Address L1/L2 issues and debugging problems • Installs, upgrades, and manages packages via RPM and YUM package managementLinux/Unix Administrator/Oracle DBAUniversity of Maryland Medical Center - Baltimore, MD-July 2010 to March 2012• Installed RedHat Linux using kickstart. • Created, cloned Linux Virtual Machines, templates using VMware Virtual Client 3.5 and migrating servers between ESX hosts. • Managed systems routine backup, scheduling jobs, enabling cron jobs, enabling system logging and network logging of servers for maintenance. • Performed RPM and YUM package installations, patch and other server management. • Installed and configured Logical Volume Manager - LVM and RAID. • Documented all setup procedures and System related Policies (SOP's). • Provided 24/7 technical support to Production and development environments • Administrated DHCP, DNS, and NFS services in Linux. • Created and maintained user's accounts, profiles, security, rights disk space and process monitoring. • Provided technical support by troubleshooting Day-to-Day issues with various Servers on different platforms. • Successfully installed and configured Oracle 11gR2 database on, windows, UNIX, Linux • Performance Monitoring/Tuning, Mirroring/Multiplexing files • Proactively monitored Oracle Environment using OEM to mitigate risk/Data Guard • Provide support for developers to produce efficient and effective tables, indexes and other Database objects • Synchronize and migrate data, database objects between development and production environments • Provide support for software applications developer for database design, programming, ongoing tuning • Implement and maintain database security (create and maintain users and roles, assign privileges) • Familiar with applying patches, Cross Platform Transfers • Implement backups/restore/recovery strategies (RMAN) • Refresh Database using Oracle Data pump, (Export/Import) • Physical backups with RMAN on tape backups and external HDDEducationB.S in Health ScienceHoward University - Washington, DCSkillsLINUX (10+ years), ORACLE (7 years), MAINTENANCE (7 years), APACHE (6 years), DNS (5 years)Additional Information• Operating Systems: RHEL 3.x, 4.x, 5.x &amp; 6.x, Solaris Release […] CentOS 4.x, 5.x 6.x and Fedora • Hardware: HP ProLiant, Blade servers, Dell R910, R810, R710, R610 • Software: MS-PROJECT, Linux file system, MS Office, ESX 4.x, 5.x, Tomcat, Web/ Application Server, Apache, Oracle, Samba • Scheduling jobs with Cron or at • Creating shell scripts with Bourne shell[sh] and Bourne Again shell[bash] • Servers/Services: NFS, SSH, Telnet, Apache, DNS, Nslookup, Netstat, Nagios, TCP/IP and TCP DUMP, LDAP • VI Editor, gedit, nano • Architect and deploying new servers • Performing monitoring configuration, maintenance, management and troubleshooting  Summary of Qualification: Hardworking and goal oriented professional with extensive knowledge of system administration and geographic information system, technical knowledge, other Core Competencies include: • Over 7 years of experience and specialization in System Administration working on Redhat Linux, Cent OS, Fedora and Window environments. • Experience in Installation, Configuration, Maintenance of Linux. • Experience upgrading and configuring RedHat Linux 3.x, 4.x, 5.x using Kickstart Servers and Interactive Installation. • Worked with Database administrators to tune kernel for Oracle installations. • Experience in Creation and managing user accounts, security, rights. Disk space and process monitoring in RedHat Linux. • Experience in configuration of NFS. DNS, LDAP, HTTP, DHCP, ftp, remote access management and security trouble shooting skills. • Experience on Webservers such as Apache Server 1.x, 2.x, &amp; Tomcat 3.x, 4.x. • Experience in administering VMware Infrastructure Client 3.5 Vsphere 4.0. &amp; 5.x • Experience in Installation and Creation of Oracle database. • Experience in scheduling jobs and administrative task using crontab. • Creating Linux Virtual Machines using VMware Center. • Strong written and oral communication skills  • Leadership Skills • Excellent Interpersonal Skills • Strong Presentation and Organization Skills • Responsible and committed to work • Able to perceive and find solution to challenging problems • Able to withstand hectic and responsible jobs • enjoys solving problems and taming complexity • A high level of energy, commitment and the ability to combine keen strategic sense with enthusiasm • A great team player with good inter-personal skills and ability to relate to all manner of persons • Willingness to adopt and manage changeEmail Linux AdministratorDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 16, 2018©2018 Indeed
Linux Platform EngineerBrigham Young University Office of Information and Technology - Provo, UT-May 2016 to Present• Provisioning Redhat Enterprise Linux servers daily using VSphere to clients' needs • Collaborating within a team to maintain over 500 Redhat Linux servers using automated scripts • Expanded server monitoring service to over 600 nodes using Nagios and central logging system • Maintaining and patching a cluster of PCI DSS compliant servers using tripwireFull-time VolunteerThe Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints - Hong Kong, HK-December 2012 to December 2014China • Worked 90+ hours per week for 2 years in training 19-27 year olds • Led weekly training meetings for 20 volunteers to streamline planning, teaching, study habits, goal-setting, and to motivate and inspire morale • Taught effectively in group settings as well as one-on-one coaching sessions to train othersComputer Sales and TechnicianJW Computers - Sydney NSW-June 2012 to July 2012Australia • Diagnosed and repaired computers and laptops • Built 2-5 intricate custom computer systems daily to order • Communicated with customers for computer, tablets and other electronics sales and ordersHigh School TutorEdu-Kingdom College - Sydney NSW-February 2011 to June 2012Australia • Taught Software Design, Math, Physics, and Chemistry to students in primary and high school • Cooperated with 20+ tutors to coordinate schedules, meetings and lesson plans • Managed professional relationship with parents by communicating each students' progress throughout the school yearEducationBachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering in Mechanical EngineeringBrigham Young UniversityDecember 2014 to April 2018SkillsC (2 years), CAD (5 years), CAD experience (5 years), Linux (2 years), Matlab (3 years), Solidworks (3 years), NX (3 years)Additional InformationSKILLS • CAD experience in SOLIDWORKS and NX • Programing experience in C, C++, bash and Python • Linux Command line and Shell scripting • Cantonese: native fluencyEmail Linux Platform EngineerDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 18, 2018©2018 Indeed
Sr. Golang DeveloperAT&T - Dallas, TX-December 2015 to PresentAT&amp;T Inc. provides communications and digital entertainment services. The company operates through four segments: Business Solutions, Entertainment Group, Consumer Mobility, and International. The Business Solutions segment offers wireless services, strategic services, legacy voice, data services, wireless equipment, and other services to multinational companies, governmental and wholesale customers, and individual subscribers.  Accountabilities: ◦ Developed front end using Bootstrap.js, Angular.js, Node.js, D3.js, Backbone.js, where back end is JAX-RS (Jersey) REST webservice. ◦ Developed backup and recovery engine for VM backup/recovery using VMware vSphere APIs, GoLang programming language and RabbitMQ Message bus (communication interface). ◦ Experience using Restful to push configure to devices with Java and Erlang. ◦ Used Go Programming Language (GoLang) and Scala in the development of the application. ◦ Created PDF reports using Golang and XML documents to send it to all customers at the end of month with internation language support. ◦ Experience building Listener on Rabbit MQ erlang. ◦ Implemented Java and J2EE Design Pattern such as Command, State, Template, Composite, Strategy and Observer. ◦ Backend proficiency using Node, Express, Google Go (Golang), MongoDb including 3rd¬party services Firebase, Kinvey and Parse. ◦ Experience in writing the HTTP RESTful Web services and SOAP API's in Erlang, Elixir, Phoenix, Node and Python languages. ◦ Used GOLANG to log the different host system event and alert information to Cassandra database. ◦ Experience adding Swagger Documentation for the existing APIs which were written in Erlang/OTP. ◦ Designed and implemented lexer/parser for specification test files in Golang. ◦ Experience in transitoning our agent API from Apache/PHP to Erlang which improves both the horizontal and vertical scale out of the product. ◦ Contributed source code in Golang to developing an automation framework for AWS CFN. ◦ Developed user interfaces using AJAX, JavaScript, JSON, HTML5, and CSS3. ◦ Providing a responsive, AJAX-driven design using JavaScript libraries such as Angular.Js, Node.js, D3.js, Backbone.js, Bootstrap.js and Bootstrap.js. ◦ Experience of the design patterns and best practices with golang(and more) to start with design and get to deployable production systems including scale monitoring and instrumentation platform. ◦ Tested an R-based Erlang C model to determine the optimal number of agents required at several time intervals for a given occupancy rate and a required service level. ◦ Created a Rich Single Page Application using HTML, CSS, JSON, Angularjs, and REST Services ◦ Implemented Presentation layer using CSS Framework, Node.JS, ExtJS, ReactJS, AngularJS, knockout JS, Wire-framing, HTML5. ◦ Developed a few UI modules for the mobile version of the website using ReactJS. ◦ Worked on EXT JS with Restful and Soap Web service technologies ◦ General form validation was done using ES6 closures for Widget-app module. ◦ Worked on RabbitMQ server configuration using latest version of Erlang ◦ Introduced redux-thunk and Immutable.js as additional libraries to support ReactJs application. ◦ Constructed powerful and modern frontend architecture, involving React, Redux, and ES6. ◦ Developed new Widget-app module for MMD 2.0 using React.js with Redux architecture and ES6. ◦ Build up pagination for search results using Ext paging store. ◦ To limit page-loading delay and visible browser-server interaction used MVC framework with Ajax, JavaScript, Angular.js, Backbone.js and Node.js, D3.js. ◦ Involved in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations and Flux concept. ◦ Worked on implementing React.js flux based page updates using React fetchers, state mutating actions and stores. Extensively used React Flux implementations Alt and Redux and their architectures. ◦ Developed Single Page applications using AngularJS using components, directives using TypeScript. ◦ Contributed to organization of testing and quality improvement process (JIRA, Confluence). ◦ Used CVS to maintain source and version management and used Eclipse as IDE.  Background Skills: Golang, Erlang, HTML, CSS, XML, JavaScript, Angular.js, AJAX, React.JS, JSON, Redux, Dojo, Wireframes, RXJS, TypeScript, Node.js, Backbone.js, Vue.js, Bootstrap, Groovy, Grails, D3.js, Extjs, ES6, Java, Oracle, GraphQL, PL/SQL, MS-Sql, Thunk, JDBC, Flux, Maven, React Router, Web Services, SOAP, REST, Ant, RAD, Agile, Scrum, CVS, Eclipse, Saga, Subversion (SVN), Windows XP, LinuxSr. Software DeveloperHealthFirst - New York, NY-August 2013 to November 2015The company also provides claims and billing, provider manuals and resources, compliance, and clinical partnerships services for providers.  Accountabilities: ◦ Worked on variety of Frontend JavaScript frameworks like AngularJS, BackboneJS, ReactJS, Node.js, JQuery, JQuery UI and good knowledge in EmberJS. ◦ Enhanced, fixed functional and performance related bugs in core product written in GO (Golang). ◦ Experience writing data APIs and multi-server applications to meet product needs in erlang. ◦ Created RPC-based service for reading large volume of data from PostgreSQL using GO(Golang). ◦ Developed a Process Pool Management system in OTP for controlling Erlang process load on systems using concurrent threads. ◦ Developed custom consumers and producers for Apache Kafka in Go (golang) for cars monitoring system. ◦ Experience in pairing with developers to stay actively involved. Main technology stacks include C# and Erlang. ◦ Used GoLang to create backend servers. ◦ Responsible for providing leadership in a trade-study exploring alternate software ecosystems including Erlang/OTP, Python plus messaging frameworks, and other scalable alternatives. ◦ Providing scalable solutions via erlang, golang, AWS, protocol buffers and supervision trees. ◦ Involved with providing a framework that talked to light and video devices over websockets in Erlang and used ZeroMQ to talk to a Clojure component. ◦ Developed Golang API and chat-bot using TDD to automate software deployments and rollbacks using Github webhooks. ◦ Designed a portion of the caching layer in Erlang ETS for entity store. ◦ Programmed the invoicing web application using Golang and PostgreSQL as the backend. ◦ Developed single page application with Angular JS, Node.js. ◦ Created single page applications using Node.js, AngularJS, ReactJS. ◦ Architected and developed a Golang API using TDD to aggregate data to show application server alignment. ◦ Worked with Bootstrap for compiling CSS, REST API, ReactJS, JavaScript and building the System with the convenient methods with Angular JS. ◦ Implemented User interface (UI) entire application using HTML, CSS, Custom Tag Libraries, JavaScript, XML and XSLT. ◦ Design all UI elements, wireframes, and comps with Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator and InDesign. ◦ Experience of HDI, ITIL Fundamentals and Erlang model framework. ◦ Worked on RESTful Web services using React and Redux Stack. ◦ Followed Java &amp; J2EE design patterns and the coding guidelines to design and develop the application. ◦ Researched, evaluated and learned basics of functional programming languages such as Go, Erlangand Elixir (Erlang's ◦ Engineered Network Analytics Engine (NAE) for Aruba switch, implementing RESTful layer in Golang, ◦ Designed GraphQL to build client applications by providing an intuitive and flexible syntax and system for describing their data requirements and interactions. ◦ Create new interfaces using java, maven/ant, spring mvc / struts, or hibernate based on provided requirements XSD/DDF's  Background Skills: Golang, Erlang, HTML, CSS, XML, React.JS, JavaScript, Node.js, JSON, RXJS, TypeScript, Wireframes, Redux, Flux, Angular.js, Backbone.js, Bootstrap, Java, Groovy, Grails, DB2, Vue.js, PL/SQL, Extjs, GraphQL, JDBC, Oracle, MySQL, Saga, Apache CXF, SOAP, Thunk, Web Services, REST, Eclipse, Git, Github, Junit, Agile, Scrum, MavenSoftware DeveloperCigna - Bloomfield, CT-March 2011 to July 2013Work on claim management system, this system provides health plan administrators with reports summarizing the information about the claimants, Service Plans etc. I have worked on maintenance releases as well as on development releases and improved the performance of the applications.  Accountabilities: ◦ Developed GUI screens for XTT &amp; LD application using JSP, HTML and CSS. ◦ Development UI modules using HTML, JSP, JavaScript and CSS. ◦ Wrote JavaScript functions to get Dynamic data and Client side validation. ◦ Used JQuery to make the frontend components interact with the Javascript functions to add dynamism to the web pages at the client side. ◦ Implemented a Node.js server to manage authentication. ◦ Created Node.js middleware application server to encapsulate modern JS widget framework Worked with JSON objects and JavaScript and JQuery intensively to create interactive web pages. ◦ Implemented web based front-end using HTML, CSS, JQuery, and AngularJS ◦ Involved in developing the UI panels using JSF, XHTML, CSS, DOJO and JQuery. ◦ Set up the deployment environment on Web Logic Developed system preferences UI screens using JSP and HTML. ◦ Develop dynamic features for a healthcare application supporting thousands of international users. Constructed with CoffeeScript and React. ◦ Developed functioning proof-of-concepts and production quality interfaces. Worked on products such as InVision, Sketch, Balsamiq, InDesign, and Photoshop (among others) to produce wireframes, prototypes and other specification documents. ◦ Built Web pages that are more user-interactive using AJAX, JavaScript, React and Redux ◦ Developed web Components using JSP, Servlets and Server side components using EJB under J2EE Environment. ◦ Worked on developing CRUD applications using MERN stack (MongoDB, Express, ReactJS and NodeJS) and REST based API. ◦ Rich UI development experience and well versed in client side technologies like AngularJS, jQuery, BackBone.js, Google Widget Toolkit, Sencha UI ◦ Worked in Java, J2EE, XSL, XML, Oracle, DB2, Struts, spring, Hibernate, REST Web services, Model driven architecture and software configuration management tools. ◦ Developed HTML, Swing and JSP pages for user interaction and data presentation. ◦ Worked on Reactive Extensions (RXJS)Framework while handling with asynchronous stock price data. ◦ Created a Rich Single Page Application using HTML, CSS, Angularjs, JQuery and REST Services ◦ Designed and implemented UI layer using JSP, JavaScript, HTML, DHTML, JSON, XML, XHTML, XSL, XSLT, XSL-FO and business logic using Servlets, JSP, EJBs and J2EE framework. ◦ Creating React.js / Flux / Redux front-end UI for Ad Rules / Cerebro application ◦ Used Backbonejs, Node.js, Bootstrap and other javascript libraries to create intuitive and rich Single Page Applications. ◦ Used JQuery JavaScript libraries for providing richer user interface and facilitates asynchronous request invocations using AJAX. ◦ Developed Dash-Board to monitor and report Cache Coherence Servers. ◦ Integrate the ExtJs/Sencha framework with Oracle BPM. ◦ Prepared statements are used for communication Sql database ◦ Involved in developing custom taglibs, JSP, EJB's, Portlets and DB2 - stored procedures. ◦ Involved in Requirement analysis, design and Implementation applying the Water fall model. ◦ Wrote Servlets programming and JSP scripting for the communication between web browser and server. ◦ Integrate the Oracle BPM with the Spring Framework in the enterprise layer. ◦ Involved in packaging, deployment and upgrade of different modules of SAS on JBoss App Server. VB code Analysis and Sybase store procedure converted into SQL  Background Skills: Coherence, ClearCase, Selenium, Water Fall Model, UML, JSP, Servlet, Ant, XML, Jira, Swing, CognosSoftware DeveloperMorgan Stanley - New York, NY-February 2009 to February 2011Morgan Stanley is anAmerican multinational financial service providing Investment banking, Asset management, Commercial banking, Investment management etc. Implementation of online account management system that provides secure online access to customer (clients) accounts and keeps track of daily account activity like withdrawals, deposits, payments, and trades. This project is to upgrade existing application which is built using Struts, Hibernate older versions.  Accountabilities: ◦ Analyzed business requirements, participated in technical design, development and testing of various modules assigned. ◦ Made the application responsive using Bootstrap. ◦ Involved in web designing using HTML , CSS, JavaScript and extensively used Table less Design in CSS for positioning. ◦ After making the applications to be responsive, worked on different mobile devices bugs (like ios and android). ◦ Developed page layouts, Navigations and presented designs and concepts to the clients and the management review. ◦ Created and Used Reducers that received said actions to modify the Store State. ◦ Maintaining the State in the store and dispatch an action using redux ◦ Integrated Hibernate ORM with Spring-Hibernate framework to facilitate DML and DQL queries and represent object-database mapping. ◦ Developed various customized views and templates using Handlebars, JavaScript, HTML. ◦ Developed data formatted web applications and deploy the script using client-side scripting using Angularjs. ◦ Developed Single Page Application (SPA) using Angular JS Framework. ◦ Developed Web Application to replace the existing and legacy Website using Angular JS Framework. ◦ Designed Frontend with in object oriented JavaScript Framework like Jquery. ◦ Used jQuery to make the HTML, DHTML and CSS code interact with the JavaScript functions to add dynamism to the web pages at the client side. ◦ Created Images, Logos and Icons that are used across the web pages using Adobe Flash and Photoshop. ◦ Used Adobe Experience manager for building websites, mobile apps and forms. ◦ Developed client-side AJAX application that uses XSLT, XPath, JavaScript OOP, and more Bind objects and retrieve them via JNDI interface  Background Skills: HTML, CSS, Javascript, Ajax, JSON, JQuery, MySQL, TOAD, SQL, DB2, Apache Axis, WSDL, Netbeans, JBOSS, Mercurial, Coherence, ClearCase, Selenium, Water Fall Model, UML, JSP, Servlet, Ant, XML, Jira, Swing, CognosSoftware DeveloperNavisys - Charlotte, NC-July 2007 to January 2009To capture the customer interest and to increase the sales of the business, AIG L&amp;R focuses on designing and delivering new products based on the marketing requirement. NaviSys New Products Development team is responsible for creating and integrating the new products and features into the existing NaviSys system and provide support for maintenance and enhancements to the Policy Administration System. Accountabilities: ◦ Worked on various UI technologies like JSF, HTML, CSS, JavaScript and JSP tag libraries. ◦ Built Web pages that are more user-interactive using JQuery plugins for Drag and Drop, Auto Complete, JSON, Angular JS, JavaScript, Bootstrap. ◦ Made the web pages Responsive using JQuery UI and bootstrap, which can be operated in both PC's and Mobiles. ◦ Used advanced JavaScript concepts to validate input fields using regular expression. ◦ Extensively used CSS (Cascading Style Sheets) along with Responsive Web Design (RWD) to support the web page in Mobile browser as well. ◦ Built Web pages that are more user-interactive using jQuery Drag and Drop, Auto Complete, JSON, Angular JS, JavaScript, Bootstrap. ◦ Developed user interface using Node JS and developed client-side interface using React JS ◦ Involved in Enhancement of existing application utilizing React JS, created HTML navigation menu that is role based menu items changes dynamically, derived from the database in the form of XML ◦ Experience with Jasmine and Karma Unit test. ◦ Used special syntax called JSX to mix HTML with Java Script with the help of React JS. ◦ Worked with Spring Batch Used Spring ORM module to integrate with Hibernate. ◦ Used Bootstrap along with CSS to design web-pages by HTML. ◦ Used Web services (SOAP and RESTful) for transmission of large blocks of XML/JSON. ◦ Used Jenkins as continuous integration tool for building archive files and snapshots for all applications. ◦ Worked on DOM manipulation using JavaScript, jQuery and AJAX. ◦ Added analytics and tagging functionality for all the existing pages to track all the user actions using JavaScript. ◦ Worked with CSS background, CSS Layouts, CSS positioning, CSS text, CSS border, CSS margin, CSS padding, Pseudo elements and CSS behaviors. ◦ Tested the application under Scrum (Agile) Methodology. ◦ Created Test strategy, Test plan, execution plan and Identified test data requirements. ◦ Worked on major bug fixes, which included UI issues and functionality issues as well  Background Skills: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, DHTML, DOM, JSON, Bootstrap, AJAX, Adobe Flash, Photoshop, AEM, PLSQL, Oracle, Windows  My contact - curt(dot)dugre249(ad)gmail.comEducationBachelor'sSkillsORACLE (8 years), DB2 (6 years), ECLIPSE (4 years), JBOSS (4 years), MYSQL (4 years)Additional InformationADDITIONAL TECH SKILLS ◦ SQLServer, Oracle, MySQL, DB2, JBoss, WebSphere, Saga, Tomcat, BEA WebLogic, Eclipse, Flex Builder, NetBeans, RSA, MS Visio, Windows , Linux , UnixEmail Sr. Golang DeveloperDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 19, 2018©2018 Indeed
senior programmer and system administrator (Ubuntu)30 XI-2017 to 2017PROJECTS MADE DURING WORKING The installation of PostgreSQL that has more advanced features than MySQL. Working with databases in the Database Systems. The main work is submitting and archiving in the database of the documents (binary files) and retrieving (restoring) them. Programming in Tcl/Tk, including pgtksh. Create pgtksh applications to work with databases to PostgreSQL, including the submitting and archiving in the database of the documents (binary files) and retrieving (restoring) them. The creation of an electronic database by programming in PHP4 and PostgreSQL. The database allows you to store information about our employees, the companies with whom we have contacts or previously had contacts, put the binary file in database and restore them. Participation in engineering projects (for car manufacturers) developed by our partners and based on C++ programming using FOX libraries (free graphic objects) and OpenGL, applied mechanics and mathematics, finite element method, refinement and improvement of the projects and software codes. These projects included: - Modeling the tank with fuel filling and fuel excavation. Using the FOX library, with the ability to stop playback of filling and excavations and continue playback from that location. - Design and improvement of the graphical interface for existing engineering projects created by our partners (FOX library). - Use of the finite element method of Solver in engineering projects: solving the problems of strength calculation using matrix equations. Stiffness matrix decomposition by the Cholesky method, solving problems of linear optimization, problems of linear statics, thermal analysis, optimization of topology. - Adding to the projects the possibility to output the calculations result to the Excel table. Create a graphical interface (library FOX) for working with the database.  I CAN SPEAK THE LANGUAGES: Russian - native; Ukrainian, English, German, French and Italian - fluent; Spanish - more or less freely.private entrepreneur30 XI-2015 to 2017Types of business activities - "Computer programming", "Business information", "Other activities in the sphere of information technologies and computer systems" and "Web portals".senior programmer and system administratorLavatera-2007 to 2015Linux).engineer-programmer and system administratorLavatera-2001 to 2007Linux);EducationD1 and CEKiev DOSAAF driving school2011Kiev driving school2006 to 2007foreign languagesKiev branch2003 to 2006German languageKiev branch of the German cultural center Goethe-Institut1999 to 2003BACHELOR in Automation and computer engineeringKiev international University of civil aviation1999 to 2001Kyiv interschool inter-school training and production plant1993 to 1995Kyiv secondary school1985 to 1995Lisichansk school 51985SkillsLINUX (10+ years), C++ (1 year), DATABASE (1 year), DATABASES (1 year), FINITE ELEMENT (1 year)Additional InformationCOMPUTER SKILLS Windows (versions '97, '98, '2000, Vista, XP) - programming Pascal and C languages (Turbo Pascal, Borland C++), Turbo Pascal computer graphics, the database applications creation with a graphical interface by Delphi, working with databases in FoxPro, text documents in Microsoft Word and spreadsheet on MicrosoftExcel, creating Web pages (HTML documents) using Microsoft Word and FrontPage. Linux (versions 7.1, 7.2, 8.0, Fedora, CentOS-5 and Ubuntu (from 12.04 to the latest version) - system administration, browsing the Internet, C and C++ programming, projects creation by means of SourceNavigator and Eclipse, working with databases in PostgreSQL and MySQL, working with text documents, spreadsheets, presentations, HTML documents and graphical documents (drawings) using StarOffice, OpenOffice and LibreOffice, programming Tcl/Tk to create applications with a graphical interface, for PostgreSQL, working with graphic applications to PostgreSQL RHDB-Administrator VisualExplain, pgaccess, development of Web-applications (including databases) on PHP4 and PostgreSQL, programming in C++ using libraries FOX (free of graphical objects) and OpenGL, of applied mechanics and mathematics, the finite element method.  ADDITIONAL SKILLS Driving license of "B C D1 D CE" categories (cars, trucks, vans, buses and trucks with trailer). The ability to drive vehicles of the categories above. Knowledge of and strict adherence to the rules of the road. Stress resistance, readiness for business trips and long trips.  PERSONAL FEATURES I guarantee discipline, skill to communicate, purposefulness, decency. The desire to work is present. Any affair I try to bring to an end. I am punctual, industrious, not conflict. The sense of responsibility is present. I like the new acquaintances, new contacts.Email senior programmer and system administrator (Ubuntu)Download ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 10, 2018©2018 Indeed
Linux EngineerOCLC - Columbus, OH-December 2017 to PresentResponsibilities: • RedHat Satellite Minor Version Update from 6.2.11 to 6.2.13, Migration of RedHat Satellite 6.2.13 from RHEL 6.9 TO RHEL 7.4, Registering to Red hat Subscription Management (RHSM), Add necessary subscriptions, Review existing content Host Registrations, Register New Content hosts, selecting Repositories, setting Sync time, Freezing &amp; Publishing New Versions of REPO Data, Refreshing Subscription Manager on Hosts, Security Errata and patch Maintenance of new and existing Servers, Resolving any dependencies, Linux Red Hat Subscription Manager maintenance and local repo setup • Performing Patch Management through Ansible. Wrote Playbooks, modules as required. • Managed/Configured RedHat Satellite server patch management system • Performing LDAP account management. • Queried and managed software packages with Red Hat Package Manager (RPM) in the system, and wrote RPM spec files. • Responsible for data management using Red hat and CentOS utilities for archiving, compression backup and restore. • Responsible for installation, configuration, network security and overall maintenance of Sun Red Hat and Linux Red Hat Servers • Created system security supporting multi-tier software delivery system by utilizing Active Directory and Kerbero. • Wrote new security policies for Saline and maintained it for enhanced access control; performed debugging on SELinux issues. • Supporting system users and troubleshooting system issues. Document solutions for future reference. • Participating in root-cause analysis of recurring issues, system backup and security setup.  Environment: RedHat Enterprise Linux /6.9 &amp; 7.4, RedHat Satellite 6.2.13, VMware ESXi, Ansible, Open LDAP.Linux/Unix EngineerAutoZone Inc - Memphis, TN-March 2017 to November 2017Responsibilities: • Maintain a secure hosting environment with latest certified Prism-CMS software, security patches, and software updates and upgrades to database, and application tiers. • Activities includes user administration; startup and shutdown scripts; crontabs, file system maintenance, backup scripting and automation using Perl, shell scripting (bash, ksh) for Red Hat Linux systems. • Implementation and administration of VMware ESXi 4.x, 5.x, vCenter for running Redhat Linux, windows Servers on Production and Development. • Administration of 1000 + RHEL 5.x, 6.2 and 6.3 servers which includes installation, testing, tuning, upgrading and loading patches, troubleshooting both physical and virtual server issues. • Involved in meetings with Dev managers to Create, manage and maintain the SCM Plan, standards, and procedures • Create templates, cloning Linux Virtual Machines and migrating servers between ESXi hosts. • Configured and maintained LINUX Logical Volume Manager (LVM). • Effective use of LVM disk Management tool to Create, extend Shrink the Logical volumes, File Systems on RHEL. • Creation of Volumes and file systems on SAN disks using Redhat LVM and VERITAS Volume Manager. • Activities include user administration, startup and shutdown scripts, crontabs, file system maintenance and backup scripting and automation using shell scripting (BASH, KSH) and Perl for RedHat Linux systems • Provide support for JBoss 5.x and apache 2.0 application for an operation related to installation and configuration. • Draft shell scripts for automated installations and to extract logs. • Work with storage team and application team to ensure the storage allocation and design is done at initial construction time. • Work with Database administrators to tune kernel for Oracle installations on Linux. • Perform Veritas Net backup troubleshooting using remote tools and commands. • Monitor the systems CPU, memory, IDE/SCSI disks, disk controllers, RAID, RAID controllers, file systems, and network parameters using NAGIOS system monitoring tools and BMC performance management tools. • Integrate more than 500 Linux servers to authenticate using Windows Active Directory using Winbind and Samba. • Manage DNS for external and internal domain &amp; Send mail Relay Server for outgoing mails. • Prepare servers for Oracle RAC installation which includes tuning the kernel, agent installation, adding NAS storage on 2, 3, 4 node clusters. • Design Firewall rules for new servers to establish communication with application, Oracle 10g servers. • Responsible for managing the Puppet Automation tool including installation, deployment, trouble shooting and updating. • Set up network environments using TCP/IP, NIS, NFS, DNS, SNMP agents, DHCP and Proxy. • Work with engineering team to resolve tickets related to engineering issues like firewall change requests. • Install/troubleshoot AUTOSYS to schedule application jobs. • Generate detailed documents and reports on issues and solutions for future reference.Linux/Unix Administrator/Devops EngineerMetropolitan Utilities District - Omaha, NE-July 2016 to February 2017Responsibilities: • Linux Support - RHEL Satellite 6.1.8 setup, Red hat Subscription Management (RHSM), Review existing content Host Registrations, Register New Content hosts, selecting Repositories, setting Sync time, Freezing &amp; Publishing New Versions of REPO Data, Refreshing Subscription Manager on Hosts, Security Errata and patch Maintenance of new and existing Servers, Resolving any dependencies, Troubleshooting any errors during Patching, Logical Volume Management (LVM), Common Unix Print Server (CUPS), OpenSSH Secure Shell (SSH), Name Service Switch (nsswitch), Samba file server (CIFS) &amp; Setting up Monitoring using Nagios xi. • Linux Red Hat Subscription Manager maintenance and local repo setup • Register RHEL 5 &amp; 6 hosts to Red Hat network using subscription manager • Performed Patching and upgrades (release), on stand-alone servers (using single user mode), and live upgrade of servers in production and Linux using YUM update / RPM manager from repository or Redhat subscription management service (RHSM). • Automated the front-ends platform into highly scalable, consistent, repeatable infrastructure using high degree of automation using Chef, Jenkins, and Cloud Formation. Implemented Continuous Integration (CI) using Jenkins, Git from scratch. • Implemented &amp; maintained the branching and build/release strategies utilizing GIT and STASH. • Responsible for designing and deploying Source Code Management (SCM) process and procedures. • Managed/Configured Redhat Satellite server patch management system • Integrated GIT into Jenkins to automate the code check-out process. • Responsible for design and maintenance of the GIT Repositories, views, and the access control strategies. • Configured and maintained Jenkins to implement the CI process and integrated the tool with Ant and Maven to schedule the builds. • For every release collected the code from Perforce and Deployed on QA, and Production Servers using Apache Ant and Unix Shell scripts. • Carried Deployments and builds on various environments using continuous integration tool Jenkins. • Maintained build related scripts developed in shell for Maven builds. Created and modified build configuration files including POM.xml. • Managed the software configurations using Puppet, Dashboard and Puppet DB for configuration management to existing infrastructure. • Expert in User Management and Plugin Management for Jenkins. • Configured kickstart server and updating/applying patches to the servers using Redhat Satellite server. • Worked on Puppet and Chef Configuration management tools. • Create puppet modules to manage configurations and implemented them on agents. • Creating new groups in RedHat Satellite server and adding servers to configured groups • Performed SCM compliance reviews on configuration items to be issued to testing and production environment. • Designed and implemented GIT metadata including elements, labels, attributes, triggers and hyperlinks. • Managing and fixing Inactive, Out of date, Ungrouped and Duplicate systems in RedHat Satellite • Red Hat Satellite for patching, scheduling jobs and other tasks • Wrote and Maintained SCM policies and processes. • Updating patches to keep servers updated against bugs present in the operating system using Red Hat Satellite Server, yum, etc. • Update Maven scripts to use Artifactory repo instead of local repositories. • Installed and configured GIT and GITHUB. Implemented pre and post hooks in GIT. • Implemented and maintained the branching and build/release strategies utilizing GIT. • Build servers using Kick Start, Red Hat Satellite Server, and VSphere Client. • Worked with Red Hat Satellite Server which is used to push changes across various servers simultaneously. • Patching close to 150+ RHEL Servers from 6.5/7 to 6.8 across Sandbox, Dev, Base, QA, Pre-Prod &amp; Production environments. • Work with VCOPS, vSphere and VMWare ESX taking care of the virtual machines that run Linux. • Worked on variety of Linux platforms Red Hat Linux 5/6 &amp; Solaris which includes installation, configuring and maintenance of applications on this environment. • Used Logical Volume Manager for the management of Volumes including creation of physical and logical volumes on Linux • Worked on User administration setup, maintaining account, Monitor system performance.  Environment: Redhat Enterprise Linux 4.x/5.x/6.1, Solaris 8/ 9/10, Tivoli Storage Manager, VMware ESX5, Tivoli Net backup, and Websphere, Subversion, GIT, GITHUB, Jenkins, Maven, Puppet, ANT, Nagios, Docker, Selenium, windows 2008 R2 &amp; 2008 servers, Windows 2003, IIS 7.0 &amp; 7.5, HPC7000 &amp; C6000.Linux/Unix Administrator/ Devops EngineerHuntington National Bank - Columbus, OH-March 2016 to June 2016Responsibilities: • Support the Business Data analysis team in analyzing user credentials data, subsequently creating Roles, Identity and Resources Groups. • Perform Validations on the Role/Resource spreadsheet Vs Naming conventions and Access Control Matrix before submitting to subsequent team owners for approvals. • Implementation of approved entitlements on each resource using OS (Operating System) specific steps for required configuration changes. • Integrated Selenium automation regression test suite in Jenkins build pipeline • Used GIT as Version Control System for two applications. Managed development streams and integration streams. • Worked with Dockers and Vagrant for different infrastructure setup and testing of code. • Build the Scripts using ANT and MAVEN build tools in Jenkins to move from one environment to other environments. • Implemented continuous integration using Jenkins. Configured security to Jenkins and also added multiple nodes for continuous deployments. • Experience installing and administrating monitoring Nagios and maintained it by using Shell scripting. • Created Branches, Labels and performed Merges in Stash and GIT and proposed and implemented branching strategy suitable for Agile development in Subversion. • Created Puppet Modules to deploy, manage and maintain a large application of complex layers • Ensuring Failback procedures is in place, before proceeding with any implementation. • Implementation steps include but not limited to Backup copy of files, add, remove, update, install, run various scripts and reboot server. • Converting the ANT build projects to Maven build projects. • Shell Scripting, Perl Scripting, Ant and Maven Build Automation Utility. • Created and managed a Docker deployment pipeline for custom application images in the cloud using Jenkins. • Facilitate Source Code Management (SCM) best practices among development QA and solution teams. • Involve in Runbook updates, Post-Rollout cleanup and Troubleshooting. • Install, configure and manage LAMP (Linux/Apache/MySql/PHP ) stacks. • Maintain a secure hosting environment with latest certified Prism-CMS software, security patches, and software updates and upgrades to database, and application tiers. • Involved in meetings with Dev managers to Create, manage and maintain the SCM Plan, standards, and procedures • Create templates, cloning Linux Virtual Machines and migrating servers between ESXi hosts. • Provide support for JBoss 5.x and apache 2.0 application for an operation related to installation and configuration. • Draft shell scripts for automated installations and to extract logs. • Work with storage team and application team to ensure the storage allocation and design is done at initial construction time. • Work with Database administrators to tune kernel for Oracle installations on Linux. • Perform Veritas Net backup troubleshooting using remote tools and commands. • Monitor the systems CPU, memory, IDE/SCSI disks, disk controllers, RAID, RAID controllers, file systems, and network parameters using NAGIOS system monitoring tools and BMC performance management tools. • Integrate more than 500 Linux servers to authenticate using Windows Active Directory using Winbind and Samba. • Manage DNS for external and internal domain &amp; Sendmail Relay Server for outgoing mails. • Prepare servers for Oracle RAC installation which includes tuning the kernel, agent installation, adding NAS storage on 2, 3, 4 node clusters. • Set up network environments using TCP/IP, NIS, NFS, DNS, SNMP agents, DHCP and Proxy. • Work with engineering team to resolve tickets related to engineering issues like firewall change requests. • Install/troubleshoot AUTOSYS to schedule application jobs. • Generate detailed documents and reports on issues and solutions for future reference.  Environment: RHEL 4.x/5.x/6.x, Windows 2007/2008/2010, Veritas Volume Manager (VxVM), Git, Veritas Cluster Servers, Veritas Net backup, IBM X Servers X3400, X3550, X3650, X3650M2, Jenkins, Maven, Nagios, Puppet, ANT, Docker, Selenium, TCP/IP, NIS, NFS, DNS, SNMP, DHCP, Apache 2.0, NAS, Oracle 10g, Oracle RAC, Samba, Winbind, JBoss 5.x.Linux/Unix AdministratorBarclays - Radnor, PA-February 2015 to February 2016Responsibilities: ● Installed, configured, maintained and enhanced operating system and system support software/hardware Enterprise Linux 6.x, 5.x, 4.x, Ubuntu troubleshooting hardware, operating system, applications &amp; network problems and performance issues. ● Installed and configured various flavors of Linux like Red hat, SuSE and Ubuntu. ● Monitored trouble ticket queue to attend user and system calls, participated in team meetings, change control meetings to update installation progress, and for upcoming changes. ● Diagnosing and resolving systems related tasks in accordance with priorities setup in dealing with trouble tickets. ● Network printer's setup and installation of client/server applications. Defined and setup network protocols, Network File Services (NFS), and Network Information Services (NIS) in Red Hat Linux and AIX systems ● Network trouble shooting using 'netstat', 'ifconfig', 'tcpdump', 'vmstat', 'iostat' and others. ● Built vservers using the templates as per the application's requirement ● Responsible for adding new DNS and mail entries in their respective servers. ● Day to day production support including checking daily logs, backup/recovery procedures, disaster recovery periodic maintenance and off-hours problem support. ● Monitored the whole exalogic infrastructure. ● Integrated Gradle with Git to manage and deploy project related tags. ● Responsible for performing tasks like Branching, Tagging, and Release Activities on Version Control Tools: SVN, GIT and migrated SVN into GIT. ● Implemented Continuous Integration (CI) using Jenkins, Git from scratch. ● Installed and administered Redhat using KVM, Xen based hypervisor. ● Experienced in installing and managing NFS, FTP and Samba for file sharing. ● Installed and managed Tomcat and Apache Web based Server for Red Hat Production servers. ● Identifying, evaluating and recommending the purchase of software, hardware or services that can be used to improve the performance of this group. ● Supervised hardware installations and performed O/S upgrades. ● Experience in working in a huge environment with almost 700 servers including RS/6000. ● Day to day tasks in Red Hat Linux including upgrading rpms, kernel, HBA driver, configuring SAN Disks, multipathing and LVM file system. ● Installation and administration of VERITAS Cluster Manager (VCM), VERITAS Volume Manager (VVM). ● Supporting and troubleshooting of Red hat systems 24/7. ● Performed system administration tasks like system monitoring, performance usage, network support, and user support. ● Created and scheduled cron tasks for file update, system back up or removal of unnecessary files.  Environment: REDHAT 6.x,5.x, Ubuntu, CentOS AIX 4.3/.5.2/5.3/6.1/7.1, SMSAP, TSM, Git Hub, Nortel Switches, windows2000, HACMP Clusters, PowerHA, SAN, NIM, IBM HTTP server, WAS 4.0/5.0, VERITAS, DB2,.Linux/Unix AdministratorWalgreen - Chicago, IL-October 2013 to January 2015Responsibilities: ● Installation/Maintenance of Hardware/Software in Production, Development &amp; Test Environment as an integral part of the Unix/Linux (RHEL 5.x / 6.2, SuSE/AIX) Support team. ● Worked on installation, configuration and maintenance of Red Hat, Cent OS, Ubuntu, SUSE, AIX and Windows servers. ● Installed and configured RedHat Satellite server for package transfer across servers, to store client's system profile and to control other servers in the network. ● Configured LVM and managed it. ● Experience with kick start installation on multiple servers. ● Worked with KVM Hypervisor to install, configure and maintain Red Hat Linux. ● Capacity Planning, Infrastructure design and ordering systems. ● Created and scheduled Cron Jobs such as for Backup, System Monitoring and removed unnecessary files. ● Implemented day-to-day tasks in RedHat Linux that include upgrading rpms, kernel, HBA driver, configuring SAN Disks, multipathing and LVM file system ● Installed, configured, maintained and administered the network servers DNS, DHCP, NIS, NFS, SENDMAIL. ● Worked with DBA's to install RDBMS database, restore and generate logs. ● Involved in adding new disks, formatting, partitioning, disk space allocation, monitoring system performance, system tuning, and crash recovery issues. ● Experience with installation and maintenance of NFS, FTP and Samba for file sharing. ● Built Linux servers using VMWare ESX and VMWare ESXi. ● Created Virtual disks/Virtual Target devices to allocate SAN Luns virtually to the VIO clients. ● Set up repositories for Redhat, implemented YUM, SSH and other security tools. ● Implemented RAID techniques and created disk groups and volumes using VERITAS Volume manager. ● Maintained Load balancing, High availability, Failover functionality and Disaster recovery included ● Provided 24/7 on call supports in debugging and fixing issues related to Redhat and SuSE Linux.  Environment: Linux (RHEL 4.x &amp;5.x), AIX 6.1, Oracle 11/10g, SUN Servers, SUN Fires, Samba, Perl, Shell Scripting, Bash, SUSE 11/10, VERITAS Volume Manager (VVM), F5 Load balancers, SiteMinder5.5/4.5, EMC Storage SAN, VERITAS Cluster Server (VCS).Linux/Unix AdministratorHCLA - Cary, NC-June 2012 to September 2013Responsibilities: ● Installation, Configuration and upgrade of RedHat Linux 4/5/6.2, Suse Linux, Ubuntu. ● Performed setup and configuration of Install Server, Configuration Server and Boot Server for Kickstart process. ● Good experience in installation, configuration and maintenance of Linux. ● Experience in configuring and trouble shooting of Kickstart services on multiple servers. ● Experience in System monitoring, Performance tuning and OS hardening to secure the Solaris environment. ● Administered tasks like user and password management, allocating quotas to users as well as system startup and shutdown, monitoring and partitioning. ● Creation of Backup accounts for new users and Deletion of accounts for retired or unavailable users. ● Experience in configuration of NFS and Naming services like NIS and DNS. ● Implemented file sharing on the network by configuring NFS on the system to share essential resources. ● Implementation of RAID techniques and creation of Disk groups and volumes using VERITAS Volume Manager. ● Installation, Configuration and Administration of Weblogic, Websphere and Apache Servers in Linux. ● Worked on VMWare for testing various applications on different operating system. ● Experience of Storage Area Network/SAN. ● Implemented configuration management with Puppet. ● Implementation of RAID techniques and creation of Disk groups and volumes using VERITAS Volume Manager. ● Created System Disk Partition, Mirroring root disk drive using VERITAS Volume Manager. ● Maintained and recycled backup Tapes upon request from company. ● Configured VERITAS Cluster Server (VCS), fail over test of VCS groups, added /Modified VCS resources such as File Systems. Environment: Red Hat Linux 4.0,5.0, AS ES, AIX 6.1,4.3,5.1,5.2,5.3, HP-DL585, HACMP 5.5,4.2.x,4.3,4.3.1,4.4 , VERITAS Netbackup, SAN Storage, 4.5.5, IBM-z/VM, Oracle 9i/10g, Samba, NT/2000 Server, Websphere, Web Logic 8.1, VMware ESX 2.x, LPAR, DLPAR , Tomcat 3.x,4.x,5.x,6.x Apache Server 1.x,2.x, Korn, Bash.Linux/Unix AdministratorRed Hat - Pittsburgh, PA-January 2011 to May 2012Responsibilities: ● Installation, Configuration &amp; Upgrade of Redhat Linux ● Used Kickstart for Red Hat for automated installations and VMWARE. ● Installed, Upgrade and Manage packages through RPM and also take care of dependencies. ● Installed and maintain puppet-based configuration management system ● Deployed Puppet, Puppet Dashboard, and PuppetDB for configuration management to existing infrastructure. ● Implemented configuration management with Puppet. ● Replicated several Unix/Linux servers depending upon the requirement and availability ● Configured Kickstart server and updating/applying patches to the servers using Redhat Satellite server. ● Installing, administering Redhat using Xen, KVM based hypervisors. ● Installed, configured and maintained Redhat Satellite Servers for different applications. ● Performed Linux kernel, memory upgrades and undertook Red hat Linux Kickstart installations. ● Monitored system activities and fine-tuned system parameters and configurations to optimize performance and ensure security of systems. ● Backup management and recovery policies using VERITAS Net-Backup. ● Daily task include growing, creating of VERITAS volumes and file system on San storages. ● Implemented SUDO, SSH and other security tools and implemented security compliance. ● Installed VMware ESX server and configured Solaris 9/10/ Red Hat Linux 5.x / Windows 2003 virtual machines for various applications. ● Supported 24/7 highly available critical system and involved in on-call pager rotation for production support.  Environment: Red Hat Linux (RHEL 5/6), Logical Volume Manager, VERITAS Cluster Server, Global File System, Red Hat Cluster Servers, Oracle, AIX 5.3L, Windows, VERITAS Volume Manager, VERITAS Net backup, Ksh/Perl programming,, CA Service Desk Manager , Varnish servers, windows server 2000,2003 ,2008, VMware ESX 2.x, HP-UX.Linux AdministratorCLV Soft Pvt. Ltd-March 2010 to December 2010Responsibilities: ● Installing, configuring and upgrading Linux (Primarily REDHAT and UBUNTU) and Windows Servers. ● Installing and partitioning disk drives. Creating, mounting and maintaining file systems to ensure access to system, application and user data. ● Data consistency of file system using fsck and other utility. ● Co-coordinating with the customers vendors for any system up gradation and giving the exact procedure to follow up. ● Scheduling the daily/weekly/monthly backups. ● Amended existing scripts as well as wrote new Bourne and Korn scripts related to recurring administration jobs. ● Patching up the system to the latest version as per the recommendations. ● Monitor the health of the servers, Operating system, database and the network. ● Maintenance of Hard disks (Formatting and Setup, Repair from crashes). ● Installing &amp; administering NFS services using auto mounted. ● Regular disk management like adding/replacing hard drives on existing servers/workstations, partitioning according to requirements, creating new file systems or growing existing one over the hard drives and managing file systems. ● Setup LANs and WLANs; Troubleshoot network problems. Configure routers and access points. ● Installed NIM, set up NIM servers, clients, defined the resources, alternate disk migration with NIM. ● Worked on migrating from Windows 2000 to 2005. ● Allocated disk space using EMC disk storage.  Environment: RedHat Linux 3.9/4.5-4.7, Windows 2000/NT 4.0, Apache 1.3.36, 1.2, 2.0, IIS 4.0 and Oracle 8i, bash/ksh shell, Samba, DNS, APACHE, MAIL, DHCP &amp; FTLinux AdministratorICICI Bank Pvt. Ltd-November 2008 to February 2010Responsibilities: ● Installed, administered and maintained RHEL, CentOS servers. ● Responsible for Installation, Configuration Management, Maintenance and Systems Development of AIX Systems. ● Responsible for NIM installation, setting up NIM servers, clients, define the resources, Alternate Disk Migration with NIM. ● Maintain User profile, group creation and X-term settings. ● Enabled security using the LDAP registry by assigning different roles to different users and groups. ● Performed User Account management, data backups, and users' logon support. ● Provided 24x7 support on shift rotation basis. ● Supported Workload management (WLM), Micro-Partitioning, clustering and load balancing. ● Experienced shell scripting to automate administration jobs including backups for Websphere administration repository. ● Performed routine LVM tasks like replacing failed drives, adding new volume groups, extending volume groups/ LVM /file system, exporting and importing volume group for hardware migration. ● Managed cron jobs, batch processing and job scheduling.  Environment: Linux (RHEL), CentOS, Ubuntu, Oracle, HP Servers, HP SIM, Cacti, Zabbix, Centreon/Nagios Monitoring, Apache, Tomcat, Shell Scripting, Bash, RedHat Cluster, F5 Load balancers, Net Apps, LDAP, EMC Storage SAN.SkillsLINUX (9 years), ORACLE (7 years), UNIX (6 years), AIX (6 years), APACHE (6 years)Additional InformationSKILLS/TOOLS: Operating Systems Linux (Red Hat 4.x, 5.x, 6.x, 7.x), CentOS 5/6, Fedora, Ubuntu, Sun Solaris […] IBM AIX 5.x, 6.1, HP-UX 11.xx, 11iv3, Windows NT4.0, Windows […] Open VMS  Hardware HP […] G8/G7/G6/G5, Sun Fire Servers - […] E280R, E480R, V240, 420R, V440, V480, V490, […] 4800, E6900 and E2900. IBM - F-SERIES AND P-SERIES, IBM RS6000. Data Centre Servers - E250, E450, E3000 and E3500, […] T5120.  Tools Nagios, Ansible,Chef, Cacti, F5, HP SIM, Puppet, IpTables. Languages Shell scripting, Perl, Python Databases Oracle […] MYSQL, DB2 Networking TCP/IP, DNS, NFS, NIS, SSH, DHCP, Cisco Routers / Switches and LAN Web/Applications Technologies/Tools Apache, Tomcat, JBoss, Web sphere, WeblogicEmail Linux EngineerDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: May 23, 2018©2018 Indeed
Linux AdministratorNational Distribution Company - Atlanta, GA-January 2014 to Present* Experience administering, installing, configuring and maintaining Linux.  * Experience installing, upgrading and configuring RedHat Linux 4.x, 5.x, 6.x using Kickstart Servers and Interactive Installation.  * Responsible for creating and managing user accounts, security, rights, disk space and process monitoring in Solaris, CentOS and RedHat Linux.  * Configures DNS, NFS, FTP, remote access, and security management. * Creates Linux Virtual Machines using VMware Virtual Center.  * Installs, upgrades and manages packages via RPM and YUM package management  * Installs Firmware Upgrades, kernel patches, systems configuration, performance tuning on Unix/Linux systems.  * Installs, configures and supports Apache on Linux production servers.  * Manages Patches configuration, version control, service pack and reviews connectivity issues regarding security problem.  * Manages systems routine backup, scheduling jobs and enabling cron jobs.  * Administers VMware Infrastructure Client 3.5 and vSphere 5.5  * Works with Database administrators to tune kernel for Oracle installations.Linux/Unix AdministratorS.P Richards Co - Atlanta, GA-June 2011 to December 2013* Installed RedHat Linux using kickstart.  * Created, cloned Linux Virtual Machines, templates using VMware Virtual Client 3.5 and migrating servers between ESX hosts.  * Managed systems routine backup, scheduling jobs, enabling cron jobs, enabling system logging and network logging of servers for maintenance.  * Performed RPM and YUM package installations, patches and other server management.  * Install and configure Logical Volume Manager - LVM and RAID.  * Document all setup procedures and System related Policies (SOP's).  * Provided 24/7 technical support to Production and development environments  * Administer DHCP, DNS, and NFS services in Linux.  * Created and maintained users accounts, profiles, security, rights disk space and process monitoring.  * Provided technical support by troubleshooting Day-to-Day issues with various Servers on different platforms. * Develop and Maintain documents, library and procedural documents of the system  * Installation, configuration &amp; maintenance of Sun Solaris 9 and 10 on Sun Servers and Sun Workstations and RHEL 5 and 6  * Creation of Users, Groups and mount points for NFS support;  * Management of user accounts, files and directory permissions, and securing UNIX systems to match industry best practices;  * Provides system administrative support for servers and workstations;  * Software and hardware upgrades and routine systems maintenance by installing current Patches and Packages;  * Utilizing Netstat, Iostat and Vmstat for performance analysis, tuning and capacity planning, problem prevention, detection and resolution;  * Installation &amp; configuration of VERITAS Volume Manager for Sun Server disk management Unix workstations;Linux System AdministratorStaples - Lithia Springs, GA-January 2010 to May 2011Assisted senior-level administrator in various aspects of Linux (RedHat) server administration including installing and maintaining the operating system software, performance monitoring, problem analysis and resolution and production support;  * Disk Management like adding and replacing of hot swappable drives on existing servers, partitioning according to requirement, creating new file systems and growing new ones  * Established and maintained user accounts, assigned file permissions and established password and account policies;  * Troubleshoot and resolve basic level system hardware, software and communications problems;  * Performed basic system monitoring, verified the integrity and availability of all hardware, server resources, systems and key processes, reviewed system and application logs, and verified completion;  * Monitored server and application performance &amp; ruined I/O, memory  * Installation of SSH and configuring of keys based authentication * Installation and configuration of MySQL and Apache  * Performed backup/restore operations using tar, cpio, dd, ufsdump, ufsrestore  * Maintaining appropriate file and system security, monitoring and controlling system access, changing permission, ownership of files and directories, maintaining passwords, assigning special privileges to selected users and controlling file access, monitoring status of process in order to increase system efficiency, scheduling system related cron jobs.  * Performed PC support and maintenance for over 200 people.  * Installed and upgraded video cards, modems, hard drives, IDE controllers, SCSI drives, power supplier and memory components.  * Performed system configuration and troubleshooting.  * Created and managed user accounts and securityEducationAAS in computer ScienceChattahoochee Technical CollegeSeptember 2011 to PresentBS in Computer ScienceKumasi Polytechnic UniversityFebruary 2005 to October 2009SkillsLINUX (8 years), DNS (7 years), NETWORK FILE SYSTEM (7 years), NFS (7 years), APACHE (5 years)Additional InformationOver 6 years of IT industry experience with Unix/Linux System Administration and Support of various applications on a multi-server environment, I have specialized in working with command line in UNIX/Linux systems and an expert in this area. I have a Master skill in Red Hat Enterprise Linux and have also worked with other Linux distributions like RedHat Fedora and CentOs. Amongst my expertise include;  Hardworking and goal oriented professional with extensive knowledge of system administration and geographic information system, technical knowledge, other Core Competencies include:  * Installing, upgrading and configuring Linux Servers using Kickstart as well as manual installations and the recovery of root password.  * Installation and configuration of SSH software to provide secure logins for clients involved in shell and data transfer.  * Installation, Configuration and maintenance of VMware (ESXi 4.x, 5.x &amp; v6.x) in an Enterprise Environment and also configuring Virtual Machines on the VMware host  * Management of disks on RedHat Servers using LVM, creating volumes, file system and resizing volume  * Installation and configuration of Local Repository to assist with software updates * User/ File management; Adding, removing and giving access rights to users on a server. Changing permissions, ownership of files and directories, and assigning special privileges to selected users and scheduling system related cron jobs.  * Red Hat Satellite Server installations and administration, and assist with PeopleSoft (Primavera) support.  * Server Hardening to prevent attacks, hacking and generation of SSH authentication keys  * Experienced in Troubleshooting Linux Systems identifying Hardware, software (both OS and Application level), and networking Issues  * Scripting; (Bash) writing scripts from scratch to automate tasks and python.  * Utilizing Netstat, IOstat and Vmstat for performance analysis, tuning and capacity planning, problem prevention, detection and resolution.  * Configuration of various Remote access clients on Machines including iDRAC (Dell)  * Experienced in RAID configuration for performance improvement and redundancy  * NOC /Data Center experience. Have had access to various CoLos &amp; Data Centers and have the opportunity to troubleshoot servers at these locations.  * Over 6 years of experience specialized in System Administration working on Redhat Linux, CentOS, Fedora and window environments.  * Experience in Installation, Configuration, Maintenance of Linux.  * Experience upgrading and configuring RedHat Linux 3.x, 4.x, 5.x, 6.x using Kickstart Servers and Interactive Installation.  * Worked with Database administrators to tune kernel for Oracle installations.  * Experience in Creation and managing user accounts, security, rights. Disk space and process monitoring in RedHat Linux.  * Experience in configuration of NFS. DNS, LDAP, HTTP, DHCP, FTP, remote access management and security troubleshooting skills.  * Experience on Web Servers such as Apache Server 1.x, 2.x, &amp; Tomcat 3.x, 4.x. and WebLogic.  * Strong written and oral communication skills  * Leadership Skills  * Excellent Interpersonal Skills * Strong Presentation and Organization Skills  * Responsible and committed to work  * Able to perceive and find solution to challenging problems  * Able to withstand hectic and responsible jobs  * A high level of energy, commitment and the ability to combine keen strategic sense with enthusiasm  * A great team player with good interpersonal skills and able to relate to all manner of persons  * Willingness to adopt and manage change  Technical Proficiency and Expertise:  * Operating Systems: RHEL 3/4/5/6, CentOS, Ubuntu and Fedora  * Hardware: HP ProLiant, Blade servers, Dell […] R420, […] R810, R710, R610 PE 2970, PE 2980, PE M10 Sun T2000, T5120 T5420, V490  * Software: MS-PROJECT, Linux file system, MS Office, ESX 4.x, 5.x, Tomcat, Web/ Application Server, Apache, Oracle.  * Servers/Services: NFS, SSH, Telnet, Apache, DNS, Nslookup, Netstat, Nagios, TCP/IP and TCPDUMP, LDAP  * VI Editor, gedit, and emacEmail Linux AdministratorDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 10, 2018©2018 Indeed
Member of UCB'sUC Berkeley-September 2016 to Presentcyber security club. Linux (Ubuntu) WindowsMember of UC Berkeley'sUC Berkeley-September 2016 to Presentvirtual reality club. Currently, also a software engineer on Team Dark VR.UC Berkeley-September 2016 to PresentTop Female Scholar Ath- Adding channel feeds of live data and using ML algorithms to perform live data analysis; imple- lete (May 2015) menting a data peaks locating algorithm (90% accuracy, still improving) in Python. Most recently, Academic Decathlon 35th created an SQL database to be used with the Java software, and worked on the GUI side of the Annual Team Leadership software (repairing the connections between the GUI inputs (software) and the board (hardware)). Award (SCOE, Feb 2015)First Person Shooter GameUC Berkeley-September 2016 to PresentTeen Biotech Challenge Designing an environment, employing physics, and adding extra features to a military FPS game. (Web Design) - 1st Place, Plan to adapt for VR. Grand Prize, and SpeechCS61A Lab InternUC Berkeley - Berkeley, CA-August 2016 to PresentAug 2016 to Present Berkeley, CA CorelDraw Help students understand computer science con- Troubleshoot and fix broken printers in the Aca- Adobe Photoshop cepts such as higher order functions and OOP and demic Center. Help residents connect to the Inter- Git apply these concepts in Python. net and install proper security measures on their MATLAB (beg) machines. Virtual Machines (Oracle)Virtual Encyclopedia AssistantUC Berkeley-December 2016 to January 2017Winner (UC Davis, May Created a talking virtual assistant (Holmes) who can pull up references to anything, read out the latest news headlines, and provide wisdom bits for the user. Link: https://github.com/Kostoeva/Holmes HACKATHONS Dark VR Team, VR@Berkeley (Unity, C#) Sep 2016 to Oct 2016 CalHacks 3.0 (2016) Implemented a working Enigma machine in Java that can encode and decode any English message Cereal Hack (2015) that consists of either numbers (0-9) or letters.BlueMind-August 2015 to January 2016Worked with a French startup that was based in Berkeley; designed an environment in Unity that was targeted to calm and relax the user. Tests on team members showed that their heart rate de- creased about 10-15%.High School - President, FounderCoding Club-August 2014 to May 2015HONORS Created a club on campus to teach HTML, CSS, and Python. Designed projects for students to Great Lakes Scholarship work on in teams. Recipient 2016 - 2017Co-lead oneCoding Club-August 2014 to May 2015of the competing teams from my school. Top 10 Outstanding Scholar Award (May PROGRAMMING PROJECCTS 2015)EducationB.A. in Computer ScienceUniversity of California, Berkeley - Berkeley, CA2019Linkshttp://Kostoeva.github.iohttp://linkedin.com/in/rkostoevaEmail Member of UCB'sDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: January 15, 2017©2018 Indeed
Internal Controls AnalystRust-Oleum - Vernon Hills, IL-January 2017 to May 2018• Acted as key liaison between Rust-Oleum group process owners and internal/external auditors. Ensured appropriate documentation is provided to auditors in a timely manner. Monitored audit issues remediation status • Wrote the testing procedures for the various internal control tests including sales cut-off, inventory cut-off and capital project approval tests that can be used as references or training materials for new associates • Led the ad-hoc project to the completion to find the issues and the risk within the sales cut off process at Rust-Oleum. As a result, discovered the root cause of the issue in the company’s current controls and drafted the report with the recommended actions to take to mitigate the risk  • As a SOX Approver, resolved IT requests which are submitted within Rust-Oleum Group with assigning the proper SAP roles and transactions that ensured maintaining the proper segregation of duty among different departments without causing the interference  • Performed monthly and quarterly testing of internal controls (including sales cut-off, inventory receipts cut-off, capital project approval testing etc.) with promoting the use of the formats and techniques used in the external audit practice.  • Assisted in completion of monthly and quarterly compliance activities (e.g. revenue recognition questionnaires, cycle count questionnaires, journal entries, account reconciliations sign-off and balance sheet review) • Assisted in assessment, development and implementation of internal controls for new and existing businesses. Actively interacted with the cross functional teams and business process owners to document business processes and controls. • Participated in ad-hoc projects (e.g. physical inventory, IT request approval, maintaining release strategy etc.)Assurance AssociateRSM US LLP (formerly known as McGladrey) - Schaumburg, IL-October 2015 to October 2016• Planned and performed audits of public (2 to 6 billion USD in revenue) and privately held companies (100 million to 1 billion USD in revenue) within compliance with GAAP and GAAS • Worked effectively with audit leaders throughout entire engagement and occasionally assumed the in-charge role to fulfill the needs when the assigned in-charge was absent in the middle of the audit engagements. • Supported the engagement team in preparing financial statements, notes to financial statements, internal control memoranda and agreed upon procedure reports • Performed analytical reviews including P &amp; L analysis of companies to identify unusual account fluctuations and potential audit risk areas • Identified performance improvement areas and presented the client with performance recommendations • Performed data analytics in processing raw data received from clients with using IDEA and EXCEL • Developed strong client relationships and communicated effectively with client and engagement staff • Researched industry conditions and monitored client issues throughout the engagement • Managed an efficient audit and maintained organization throughout the engagement to meet required deadlines and ensure timely completion of the audit • Tuned in to the latest updates in Accounting Principles to ensure professional development through continuing educationAssurance InternMcGladrey - Schaumburg, IL-December 2014 to March 2015• Communicated effectively with engagement staff to perform planned procedures and ensure timely completion of audit • Completed audit workpapers in various audit sections with documenting a number of audit tests, analytical procedures and findingsSr. Verification SpecialistCareer Education Corporation - Schaumburg, IL-April 2005 to May 2013• Reviewed and analyzed student-submitted financial aid verification documents including verification worksheets, tax forms, court documents, etc. Ensured compliance with all relevant rules and regulations before releasing Federal Aid. Analyzed documentation with unbiased skepticism and made professional judgments when needed. Performed extra research beyond the referential resources, if necessary. Contributed in implementing written policies, procedures and standards of conduct over discussions among co-workers/managers to bring efficiency in internal audit process. Data entry with accuracy was essential. • Maintained high accuracy (92% and higher) and compliance which contributed to 0 error findings and 100% accuracy in an Almich, governmental audit.  • Bolstered standard audit follow-up procedures by proposing an effective analysis method of evaluating and categorizing review process errors with precise metrics and tracking using excel. Adoption of this method led an individual to improve document review accuracy rate. • Reviewed financial aid applications and other relevant information with keen attention to detail, comprehensive cross-referencing and demonstrated professional judgment. Readily identified erroneous or inconsistent applicant-submitted information and, thereby, ensured federal aid was only released to qualified student candidates. • Provided customer service both internally and externally in a professional and timely manner by answering the questions from financial aid advisors with adequate explanation and returning voicemail and emails within established timeframe. • Volunteered to take on special projects including database maintenance incorporating C2000, an industry specific software or excel as needed.Financial AdvisorMetLife - Downers Grove, IL-April 2003 to April 2005• Advised clients with sound and legally and ethically suitable recommendations to build their financial portfolios using financial and investment products.  • Developed new clients through referrals and prospecting.  • Marketed benefit plans to small business owners; included retirement accounts and health insurance. • Accomplished half-a-million dollars of annuity account sales in 6 monthsTax PreparerJackson Hewitt - Chicago, IL-October 2002 to March 2003• Mastered utilizing the tax reporting software to file customers’ individual tax returnsEducationBachelor of Science in AccountingNorthern Illinois University - DeKalb, ILSeptember 2013 to May 2015BS in EconomicsThe University of Iowa - Iowa City, IASkillsMicrosoft Windows Office (Word, Excel, Access and Power Point), SAP, IDEA, QuickBooks, PeachTree, Lotus Notes and OutlookAdditional InformationRelevant Coursework: Tax Accounting I and II; Intermediate Accounting I and II; Applied Managerial Accounting; Computerized AccountingEmail Internal Controls AnalystDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 15, 2018©2018 Indeed
IT Consultant, FreelanceDMT-September 2010 to PresentService, repair, and support of PC hardware and home/office networks ● Reselling and recycling of used computers, peripherals, and smartphones ● Bronze Tier eBay Power Seller (1-3k monthly sales/100% positive feedback) ● Provided computer tutoring for Windows, Android, and UbuntuSystems EngineerICS Software LTD-April 2012 to January 2018Systems Engineer, ICS Software LTD April 2012 – January 2018 ● Provide Tier II-III technical support for doctors and hospitals using EMR software  ● Configuration of VPNs (Sonicwall/Cisco), Server Encryption (Bitlocker/Veracrypt), Virtual Machines (VirtualBox/VMware), and Virus/Ransomware Removal/Recovery (Various Anti-Malware software) ● Setup and maintenance of both physical/cloud servers using Windows Server OS 2008/2012/2016 ● Analyzation of MYSQL database issues and DICOM/HL7 Imaging/Lab integration ● Consult with medical professionals regarding HIPAA hardware/network complianceSystems AnalystScholarChip-September 2006 to June 2010Provided Tier II technical support and hardware analysis for school district clients ● Resold company hardware for increased value over distributor buyback ● Managed system imaging and repair of company/client computers ● Trained help desk representatives and field techniciansTechnical Support Representative, CablevisionOptimum Online-January 2005 to June 2006Provided Tier II technical support for Optimum Online ● Configured Network and Email settings for subscribers ● Troubleshooting of various system hardware, software, and operating systems ● Located and resolved signal/network bottlenecks to restore Internet serviceEducationBachelor of Arts in Public RelationsLong Island University CW PostRegents DiplomaHoly Trinity High SchoolSkillsActive DirectoryEmail IT Consultant, FreelanceDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 19, 2018©2018 Indeed
Clinical Supervisor for the Boston RegionUbuntu Autism Consultants - Boston, MA-October 2017 to March 2018• Developed treatment plans and skill acquisition programs with goals and objectives individualized to each clients particular need and level of functioning. • Developed written guidelines for behavioral intervention and reduction of maladaptive behaviors in the home and community • Collected data for each client during ABA instructional session or as frequently as defined in each of the client's behavioral support plan. • Entered and graphed client's data for tracking progress and completing 6 month progress reports to insurance companies. • Provided training (to families, staff, team members, and individual/agencies contracting for training) on each behavior plans and applied behavior analysis. • Supervised and trained Behavioral Therapists on behavior reduction strategies • Attended restraint trainings and other necessary company trainings.Behavior Therapist in the schools ABA programNewton North High School - Newton, MA-September 2015 to October 2017• Provided direct therapy in individual and group sessions • Completed weekly program writing and maintain client's program book • Work with consultant, Speech, and OT and implement individualized goals and checklists • Implement individualized treatment plan as written and directed by behavior analyst • Maintain and protect the well being of all clients • Daily graphing of all required program data (mands, behaviors, video modeling, acquisition skills, etc.) • Progress reports on quarterly basis * Communication with parents • Communication with behavior analyst on a daily basis with concerns and ideas • Immediate communication with program manager and staff when maladaptive behavior occurred inside the classroom to ensure safety of other students and staff.Classroom Case ManagerAmego, Inc - Attleboro, MA-May 2014 to January 2015• Provide direct therapeutic interventions to students in a school setting • Teaching, modeling, and coaching of ABA techniques directed to increase language and communication skills, social skills, and daily living skills. • Implement techniques given by the behavioral analyst by providing child assessments and interventions • Data colleting as specified and imputing data into excel • Working hand in hand and teaching staff to insure the highest level and quality of care for the students • Ran assessments and assist with helping create treatment plans directly with the BCBAEducationMasters in Applied Behavior AnalysisUniversity of Massachusetts Boston - Boston, MAMay 2015Bachelor in PsychologyUniversity of Massachusetts Dartmouth - Dartmouth, MADecember 2013SkillsABACertifications/LicensesLABAEmail Clinical Supervisor for the Boston RegionDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 11, 2018©2018 Indeed
Python Programming TutorMaria Mironova, Irvine-June 2018 to PresentTeaching a high school student Python programmingIrvine - Volunteer Student AideWoodbridge High School-September 2017 to June 2018Onshape capabilities, basic Grading and general teaching assistance in BC Calculus Classroom Python programming, Microsoft O ceDani Ranalli, Irvine - Handyman and ChildcareCal South, Irvine-August 2015 to October 2017June 2017 - January 2018 Furniture assembly and childcareEducationBS in Engineering PhysicsUniversity of California-San Diego - San Diego, CASeptember 2018 to June 2022DiplomaWoodbridge High School - Irvine, CAAugust 2014 to June 2018SkillsMath tutoring, SAT tutoring, Calculus (up to multivariable), Python programming, ACT tutoringAwardsNational Merit Finalist 2018March 2018IVC Certificate of Recognition - CTE Summer Bridges ProgramAugust 2016Certificate of Congressional Recognition2016Recognition for National Grammy Signature School awardBest in ShowMarch 2018Ceramics awardAdditional InformationTEST SCORES ACT-36 SAT-1530 SAT Math II-790 SAT Physics-780 (more tests/scores available by request)  PROJECTS  Paddleboard with Paddle - Handbuilt This project included using various tools and materials to create a stand up paddleboard. Materials used: fiberglass, polyurethane foam, balsa wood, epoxy resin, silicone, aluminum pipeEmail Python Programming TutorDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 20, 2018©2018 Indeed
Linux AdministratorDell Systems Inc - Palo Alto, CA-May 2016 to Present* Installation and configuration of Linux and Oracle database on Dell servers. * Daily systems administration, resolving systems issues, supporting different groups/apps. * Pre migration checks and configurations on all Linux servers and Oracle RAC environment. * VMware installation, configuration and monitored with virtual environments with ESX 4.x.5x and VCenter 4x.5x. * Installations, configuration and administration of guest OS for different applications on Windows servers, Linux and Solaris. * Performed memory and swap management to improve optimization and performance of the servers. * Configuration for ISCSI devices by using tools like open-e and open filer. * Configuration of multipath, checking services, permissions, HBA adopters etc. * Network configuration for host names, netmaks and routes details, DNS, NFS, NTP and SNMP etc. * Zone configuration and disk/luns checking on emc/dell storage array.Linux/Unix AdministratorHelion Automotive Technologies - Lutherville-Timonium, MD-May 2012 to March 2016* Installed RedHat Linux using kickstart. * Created, cloned Linux Virtual Machines, templates using VMware Virtual Client 3.5 and migrating servers between ESX hosts. * Managed systems routine backup, scheduling jobs, enabling cron jobs, enabling system logging and network logging of servers for maintenance. * Performed RPM and YUM package installations, patch and other server management. * Installed and configured Logical Volume Manager - LVM and RAID. * Documented all setup procedures and System related Policies (SOPs). * Provided 24/7 technical support to Production and development environments * Administrated DHCP, DNS, and NFS services in Linux. * Created and maintained user accounts, profiles, security, rights disk space and process monitoring. * Provided technical support by troubleshooting Day-to-Day issues with various Servers on different platforms.System AdministratorSuperShuttle - Laurel, MD-July 2008 to April 2012* Managed call center activities to meet service level agreements. * Performed PC support and maintenance for over 1000 people. * Installed and upgraded video cards, modems, hard drives, IDE controllers, SCSI drives, power supplier and memory components. * Performed system configuration and troubleshooting. * Created and managed user accounts and securityEducationBachelor'sSkillsDNS (9 years), LINUX (9 years), NETWORK FILE SYSTEM (9 years), NFS (5 years), ORACLE (8 years), Linux Administration (9 years)Additional Information* Operating Systems: RHEL 3/4/5/6, Solaris Release […] CentOS and Fedora * Hardware: HP ProLiant, Blade servers, Dell R910, R810, R710, R610 * Software: MS-PROJECT, Linux file system, MS Office, ESX 4.x, 5.x, Tomcat, Web/ Application Server, Apache, Oracle. * Servers/Services: NFS, SSH, Telnet, Apache, DNS, Nslookup, Netstat, Nagios, TCP/IP and TCP DUMP, LDAP * VI Editor, geditEmail Linux AdministratorDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 12, 2018©2018 Indeed
Software Engineer IIITAPESTRY SOLUTIONS-June 2017 to PresentBuilt the Distributed Logistics Management System using microservices (Docker, Java, Spring Boot, React, and JPA) which provided for the accounting of services and parts for Tapestry’s customers. Automated a devops environment using Docker swarm, Jenkins pipelines, Maven, and documented the RESTful services using Swagger. Used Docker containers and the Go programming language (Golang) to build customized services to manage our logistics environments.Team LeadAT&T-March 2014 to December 2016Built a SOA based notification service for AT&amp;T business network sales offerings using Weblogic, Spring, Apache FreeMarker, and Java 7. The notifications required orchestration across numerous external and legacy systems and provided administration via a modernized AngularJS console. Developed complex workflows for distributed asynchronous services using the Camunda workflow manager. Provided code features, technical knowledge, test support, and architecture expertise over the full life cycle of the Digital Notifications platform.Development LeadLife Cycle Engineering - North Charleston, SC-July 2012 to March 2014Lead&nbsp;a&nbsp;team&nbsp;of&nbsp;6&nbsp;developers&nbsp;and&nbsp;2&nbsp;quality&nbsp;analysts&nbsp;to&nbsp;develop&nbsp;epics&nbsp;and&nbsp;stories&nbsp;as&nbsp;part&nbsp;of&nbsp;an&nbsp;agile&nbsp;process. Architected&nbsp;a&nbsp;claim&nbsp;import&nbsp;process&nbsp;to&nbsp;help&nbsp;address&nbsp;a&nbsp;White&nbsp;House&nbsp;initiative&nbsp;to&nbsp;reduce&nbsp;veteran’s&nbsp;claims&nbsp;by&nbsp;190,000.&nbsp;Gathered&nbsp;requirements&nbsp;and&nbsp;scoped&nbsp;out&nbsp;work&nbsp;for&nbsp;a managed&nbsp;scrum&nbsp;team. &nbsp;Actively&nbsp;developed&nbsp;software,&nbsp;communicated&nbsp;design to stake holders,&nbsp;made recommendations&nbsp;to&nbsp;project&nbsp;leadership,&nbsp;and mentored&nbsp;junior&nbsp;team&nbsp;members.System EngineerMedical University of South Carolina-July 2010 to July 2012Design and develop new system architectures required to provide excellence in medical services. Designed and implemented large scale systems that help the University process user identities and provision them to clinical and non clinical applications. Technologies used: AJAX, HTML, Grails, J2EE, Oracle DB, Hibernate, Amazon Services.Senior ConsultantAT&T-January 2007 to January 2010Provided development and consulting services for AT&amp;T's Broadband Network Management System. Specialized in data modeling enhancements and developing services for internal development groups.EducationMSEE in Electrical EngineeringGeorgia Institute of TechnologyJanuary 1994 to January 1998BSEE in Electrical EngineeringGeorgia Institute of TechnologyJanuary 1989 to January 1993SkillsJ2EE Development using Agile Methodolgies (7 years), Web Services (SOAP and RESTful) (6 years), XML/XSLT (10+ years), Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) (6 years), Spring Integration (6 years), Spring Core (8 years), Spring MVC (4 years), Groovy/Grails (8 years), Oracle (10+ years), MySQL (8 years), SQL Server (2 years), AngularJS (2 years), C (5 years), Redis (3 years), Python (4 years), Weblogic (10+ years), Camunda workflow engine (1 year), C++ (1 year), MongoDB (1 year), Docker (2 years), SCM (6 years)Linkshttp://parthian-shot.blogspot.comhttp://www.linkedin.com/in/rcastellowhttps://github.com/rcastellowGroupsMember and Presenter at Charleston Java Users Group (CJUG) July 2010 to July 2012Presented at the BSides Charleston (4/2012) Security Conference on Developing Applications Using Distributed  Authentication Methods (OAuth, OpenId, SAML 2.0) Additional Information- Technical Reviewer for Packt Publishing's book “PHP and Scriptaculous”  - Technical Reviewer for Packt Publishing's book “Groovy for Domain-Specific Languages”Email Software Engineer IIIDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 11, 2018©2018 Indeed
Linux System AdministratorFLEXENTIAL INC - Allentown, PA-February 2018 to April 2018Performed physical data center checks. Administered virtualized Linux hosts, primarily RHEL/CentOS 6 and 7. Configured ACLs on Cisco ASA5xx adaptive server appliances. Configured/monitored Nagios alerts. Installed and configured Apache.Contract Security Officer, FloaterCOVENANT SECURITY SERVICES - Philadelphia, PA-February 2016 to January 2018Provided security services to all of Covenant's clients in the Lehigh Valley. Duties included physical security patrols, building access control, access control of both laden and empty trucks. Ensured C-TPAT compliance and maintained databases containing records of truck arrivals and departures. Performed other duties as requested by Covenant and client management.Contractor -- Systems Administrator IIVERIZON WIRELESS - Dublin, OH-October 2011 to April 2014HP-UX Systems Administrator on the night shift. • Performed scheduled maintenance, patch management, and troubleshooting of system issues as they occurred, preventing impactful outages on critical systems. • Worked with standalone RX series servers, Superdomes, and BL-series blade servers. • Worked with HP-UX 11.23 and 11.31 on physical servers as well as an HPVM virtual server infrastructure. • Interacted with vendors, internal customers, and HP SMEs as needed to resolve issues and implement changes.ConsultantJP MORGAN CHASE - Columbus, OH-July 2010 to December 2010• Served in the role of a SharePoint administrator and business analyst. • Operations and support analyst within the Infrastructure Operations Center. Supported the Server Operations team. • Documented support procedures for the team. • Updated technical documentation on the departmental SharePoint server.Systems AdministratorVERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC - Hilliard, OH-August 1999 to December 2008Senior Systems AdministratorVERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC-2007 to 2008Tier 3 Nightshift Response Team Administrator responsible for immediate response to crisis issues as well as scheduled maintenance and incident response (non-critical) on production servers. Supported over 10,000 servers, providing rapid first-call resolution of most issues.Sr. LAN / WAN Engineer IVERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC - Hilliard, OH-2004 to 2007office. Administered directly 200+ Windows-based and Linux servers. ● As on-site lead, migrated an enterprise-class application off its servers in Hilliard and onto a duplicate production platform in Omaha, Nebraska. ● Converted local production domains from NT4 domains to a single AD / W2K domain. ● Coordinated the transfer several labs of development / test servers into data center.Sr. Staff Specialist IVERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC-2002 to 2004Staff Specialist V, VI-1999 to 2002Served as primary HP systems administrator in the Systems Architecture and Support Group. Administered all HP-UX servers on until that role was taken over by the UNIX Services Group.  ● Wrote and maintained Bourne shell scripts to automate a number of administrative processes. ● Assembled Perl scripts to monitor the HP servers' file systems and connectivity. ● Applied patches to HP servers to bring up to date OS and installed software and verified Y2K compliance. ● Installed hardware and software as required and worked with the vendor to ensure ongoing warranty / post-warranty service contract coverage.EducationMaster's in Accounting and Financial ManagementDeVry University-Columbus - Columbus, OHJune 2003 to August 2006BA in Computer ScienceThomas Edison State University - Trenton, NJMay 2003SkillsHP-UX (5 years), UNIX (5 years), UX (5 years), LINUX (3 years), BOURNE SHELL (3 years)Military ServiceService Country: United StatesBranch: ArmyRank: E2January 1987 to January 1989MOS 98G1L (Russian) Honorable Discharge from IRR in March 1993.Certifications/LicensesITIL FoundationsMarch 2018 to PresentITIL 2011 Foundations Certified through PeopleCertAdditional InformationTECHNICAL SKILLS  Operating Systems HP-UX 11.1x through 11.31; Microsoft Windows Server 2000, 2003, 2008, 2008R2; Linux (SuSE/SLES, CentOS/RHEL 6, 7).  Languages Bourne shell, Korn/POSIX shell, C shell, Perl5.  Applications Apache, BMC Remedy, BMC Patrol, Citadel Hercules, EMC Networker, HP MC/ServiceGuard, HP OpenView, MS IIS, MySQL/MariaSQL, Nagios, ServiceNow, Veritas VxVM and VxFS, Veritas NetBackup, Veritas Cluster Services, VMware Infrastructure Client, others.  Hardware Dell PowerEdge rackmount servers (multiple generations); HP/Compaq Proliant rackmount servers (multiple generations); Cisco ASA 5xx adaptive server appliances; HP RX-series standalone servers, SuperDome complexes, C7000 bladeserver chassis, BL-series blade servers. HP XP20K/24K storage arrays and Hitachi vSAN.Email Linux System AdministratorDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 20, 2018©2018 Indeed
Golang Software EngineerApple-May 2016 to PresentDeveloper of Apple's internal cloud Content Distribution Network (CDN) with 99.9% up time. Golang, REST API, GraphQL API, gRPC, git, gerrit, Docker, SeaweedFS  Development of an internal low latency microservice for sharing projects and files; based on SeaWeedfs using DNF (YUM) and Docker interfaces. Created on Linux in Golang using git and OpenStack Gerrit development tools and an internal backlog management tool for collaboration.Principal Software EngineerFINsix Corporation-May 2014 to March 2016Invented an Evolutionary Programming approach to circuit optimization using millions of spice simulations on a network of machines in Java. Developed a spec compliance system for Analog Circuit Design in HTML5 AJAX, python CGI with MongoDB. Designed and wrote a multi- processing PCBA tester and frequency mapper for manufacturing a high-frequency power adapter in Golang, python and MongoDB.Software ArchitectWEBENCH Design Tools at Texas Instruments-January 2012 to May 2014JSP and Actionscript (Flex) developer working on WEBENCH design tools; now owned by Texas Instruments. I am the primary developer of Clock Architect, due to be released in the end of 2012.Lead Architect AnalogeLab Design Center-April 2010 to August 2012Lead a team of 14+ developers in creation of a suite of EDA software tools for designing hardware products using TI integrated circuits. Incorporate legacy tools into a cohesive platform that can expand into many new creation and analysis features.Contract Software DeveloperWell Log Oil Exploration-April 2008 to May 2010Facing the layoffs at Syngence, I contacted the lawyer who owned the assets for Lawrence Technologies. There are several technologies in the proof of concept stage, that could be rewritten as a proof of product and then find software companies interested in the technology.  Re-targeted the Syngence search software to work on Well Logs for the oil and gas industry. Developed a patented approach to encoding Well Log data into fuzzy tokens that could be isolated into regions of high-information. These regions are the most likely areas for the existence of hydrocarbons. Also developed a patented approach to visualizing a field (or reservoir) according to its information profile.Director Advanced Architectures-February 2006 to March 2008Developing a search technology for the legal industry. Synthetix is a patented search technology which can find a paragraph in millions of pages of text. The key advantage it has over a boolean search engine (like google) is that it can take a whole paragraph as an input.  Rewrote their search engine, making it more scalable and 10x faster.  I designed and developed an alternative version of Synthetix that will find near-duplicate documents in a very large corpus. Synthetix ND is still their primary product. Due to financial difficulties, they were forced to lay off the entire development team.  Created a distributed solution across multiple platforms using RMI interfacing with a Java Server Page running on a Tomcat server with an AJAX user-interface. This allowed the search technology to scale.Vice President of Development - Neural ModelingCorrelithm Object Technology-May 2004 to January 2006I left my career at TI to build software no one had ever built before. The job was to turn the inventions of Nick Lawrence into product prototypes. Nick's technology was called Corob theory. see the book "Correlithm Object Technology" http://www.amazon.com/Correlithm-Object- Technology-Nick-Lawrence/dp/0975276115  I managed to speed up all their technology by at least 10x. Using C++ and the flexibility of templates.  But the company fell into hard times. The financial backer died and the shake up was tumultuous to say the least.EDA Software ManagerIntegrated Circuit Design Tools at Texas Instruments-February 1996 to April 2004Returned to TI to manage a team tasked with creating a suite of tools to support a new design style called Dynamic Logic. Lead a small team of experts in several aspects of EDA to create a study and a plan for an entire flow.  I left this group when an opportunity to design a new kind chip configuration capability. The approach was a declarative language that described the design blocks and produced a hierarchical netlist. This is like MDA for chip design.  After that, I went to work in the DSP Architecture team, to produce tools for better architecture planning and estimation. I developed an XML based GUI generator that would allow rapid development of estimation tools to support each new technology and architecture. I also developed an approach to using XML to produce message sequence charts (MSC) that modeled the standards for wireless protocols. From the MSC, we could generate C simulators. This too is a form of MDA, for chip design.Project Manager - Wafer Fab Manufacturing SchedulerMotorola Semiconductor-July 1994 to January 1996Lead a small team of scheduling experts to create an implementation of a wafer fab scheduling tool. This was based on Motorola patented technology. The steering team for this project consisted of three Motorola VPs, including the one who was the patent holder.  The project was done using Common Lisp on both the Mac and Unix platforms. We successfully implemented the technology into our initial target fab. But applying the technology to all of Motorola's fabs, turned out to be problematic. Each fab had differences in scheduling process. I recommended that the company should engage in a program of wafer fab process improvement. Worked with the scheduling experts to re-target the CMM model of process improvement to fab scheduling.  I was offered the job of leading the process improvement effort, but felt that the scheduling experts were better suited to that work. It would have been very much a non-software position.Software DeveloperR&D Chip Design Tools at Texas Instruments-August 1988 to June 1994Joined TI to work on an integrated set of chip design (EDA) tools. Using object-oriented Lisp (Flavors) we developed a complete chip design tool suite. Initially I developed the timing analysis tool. Having no prior background in EE, I took all the requirements from a senior chip designer.  After completing the Timing tool, I worked with a senior member of the team to over haul the tool integration component. I developed all the common components of the system. Based on a mechanism I created for lazy data creation (to manage space) I integrated an OODB, which was being developed by TI R&amp;D.  I moved to TI R&amp;D after the integrated tool set was scrapped in favor of commercial EDA tools. There I developed mpeg4 algorithms, neural network and fuzzy logic chip simulators. I implemented a complete MPEG2 transcoder.Knowledge EngineerTruck Manufacturing-January 1988 to July 1988Went to work on a 30 person effort to develop an expert system for manufacturing trucks. While everyone else was more educated than I was, I took an automated approach to rule creation. Instead of entering the rules from my expert, I created an interface that would allow me to write a spec that could generate the rules.  Initially this unique approach raised some concerns until I demonstrated that the results produced my entire rule set in 20% of the time allowed in the schedule and that time included writing the rule generator.  This demonstrated that the automated approach might be more broadly applied. With the help of one other developer, we wrote a program that generated the entire rule set overnight. This was based on an existing conventional database of manufacturing constraints that was already in use.  The result of my work caused the entire project to be redirected into small teams to implement AI solutions for each area of the manufacturing process.Software Developer - Space Station Experiment SchedulerNASA-December 1985 to December 1987While still in college, I went to work at a small AI shop producing expert systems for NASA and the NRC. I also created their expert system tool set, including a frame based object system and an inference engine. Wrote a successful SBIR proposal for real-time scheduling of battlefield power managment.EducationBS in Computer ScienceUniversity of North Florida1981 to 1986Duval High SchoolLinkshttp://www.amazon.com/Correlithm-Object-Email Golang Software EngineerDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: May 21, 2018©2018 Indeed
Instructor Tutor Trainer Python Big Data Science Analytics SQLQcFinance - Bootcamps in NYC - New York, NY-July 2010 to Presentwww.QcFinance.in  Working for consulting, training, outsourcing, freelancing, sub contracting, consultancy, offshoring, subing company.EducationMaster'sSkillsMatlab (3 years), R (3 years), SQL (3 years), VBA, Quant (3 years), Market Risk (3 years), Monte Carlo (3 years), Python (2 years), Big Data, Hadoop, Machine Learning, Spark, NLPLinkshttp://www.QcFinance.inPublicationsVBA SQL MATLAB R Python for Quantitative Finance and Risk -Courses tutorhttp://www.qcFinance.inJune 2012Additional InformationData Analytics, System Analyst, Virtual Assistant for Hedge Funds, Risk Management, Investment ManagementEmail Instructor Tutor Trainer Python Big Data Science Analytics SQLDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 14, 2018©2018 Indeed
Linux Infrastructure AdministratorAMERICAN AIRLINES-March 2014 to PresentLinux Administration - Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) CentOS Linux, Solaris UNIX • Systems Administration - Implementation of Linux OS (Installation and Configuration), troubleshooting of incidents (from ticketing system), monitoring (Nagios, Cacti), security hardening, Documentation of processes, taking lead on projects, working with Oracle DBA's on databases running on RHEL • Virtualization - KVM / VMware ESXi • Scripting - Shell scripting • Enterprise Systems Patching - Red Hat SatelliteLinux Systems AdministratorINDIANAPOLIS POWER & LIGHT COMPANY-March 2001 to March 2014Linux Administration - Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) SUSE Linux Enterprise Server (SLES)  • Designing and implementing Directory Services - LDAP • Systems Administration - Designing, implementing, configuring, troubleshooting, monitoring, and securing Linux operating systems • TCP/IP and network connectivity • Troubleshooting of OS issues, hardware, software, and network connectivity • Clustering • Virtualization - KVM XEN VMware ESXi • Server hardening • Systems monitoring • Enterprise Network Printing • Open source solutions (Whenever possible) • Linux migrations • Automating of processesCisco Internetworking TechnicianMERCHANTWIRED-September 2000 to March 2001Installed and administered CISCO RF broadband networkEducationDiploma in Computer Information SystemsJEFFERSON DAVIS HIGH SCHOOL - Montgomery, ALJOHN PATTERSON TECHNICAL COLLEGE - Montgomery, ALSkillsLINUX (10+ years), RED HAT (10+ years), SYSTEMS ADMINISTRATION (10+ years), VIRTUALIZATION (10+ years), VMWARE (10+ years)Additional InformationAreas of Expertise Servers * Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) * SUSE Linux Enterprise Server (SLES) * CentOS Linux  Server Operating Systems * Designing and implementing Directory Services: LDAP * Linux Account / File systems administration  • Systems Administration: designing, implementing, configuring, troubleshooting, monitoring, and securing server operating systems • Designing and configuring - TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP, , SNMP, SMTP, NTP, NFS, SSH • Troubleshooting hardware, software, and network connectivity • Clustering of operating systems  Virtualization * KVM (Hypervisor/Virtualization) * XEN (Hypervisor/Virtualization) * VMware ESXiEmail Linux Infrastructure AdministratorDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 6, 2018©2018 Indeed
Linux Systems AdministratorModest Technology Solutions - Bethesda, MD-October 2016 to Present• Build RHEL 6 virtual servers utilizing VMware templates. • Coordinate with development, application and dba teams to deliver and maintain linux systems. • Perform user and group management creating users locally on systems • Respond to miscellaneous trouble tickets including RAM alerts, disk space alerts, password lockouts and other ad hoc requests • Troubleshoot system and application performance issues • Create, increase and manage Linux file systems via (LVM) • Patch linux systems monthly based on security mandate utilizing YUM • Provide support to application teams supporting Apache and Tomcat applications • Utilize JIRA ticketing system to track trouble tickets • Participate in 24/7 on-call rotation responding to alerts after hoursLinux AdministratorDefCharge Solutions - Washington, DC-September 2014 to October 2016• Built RHEL 5/6 systems using kickstart and vmware templates • Maintained VMware templates updated configuration and applied monthly patches • Hardened Linux servers according to CIS benchmark guidelines • Provided assistance to development teams on any OS related requests • Administered linux services NTP, DNS, FTP, and NFS on linux systems • Performed user and group management on local systems • Utilized single-user mode and rescue mode to troubleshoot system issues resulting in a down-state server • Utilized cronjobs for scheduled events • Troubleshoot system and application performance issues • Created and maintained linux file systems utilizing LVM • Performed quarterly systems patches and package installation utilizing YUM and RPM utilities • Participated in 24/7 on-call rotation responding to alerts after hoursHelp Desk TechnicianEsscon LLC - Annapolis, MD-January 2013 to September 2014• Provided support to end users on technical related issues • Provided Tier 1 technical assistance, document and escalate issues as necessary • Respond to phone and email messages assisting users with account access related issues, email and other application account issues • Performed minor peripheral hardware repairs to user workstations • Maintained inventory of all assigned and loaned equipment • Performed quarterly inventory of all equipment • Remote access into user workstations to assist with troubleshooting workstationsAdditional InformationSKILLS AND SOFTWARE • Operating Systems: RHEL 5/6, CentOS 6 • Software: Microsoft Office Suite, Nagios, Apache, Tomcat, Samba • Networking Utilities: DNS, Dig, nslookup, ping, netstat, vmstat, TCP/IP, DHCP • Hardware: HP ProLiant DL and ML Series, Dell PowerEdge Servers R610, R710Email Linux Systems AdministratorDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 18, 2018©2018 Indeed
Network Security AnalystUSF Computer Security Club - Tampa, FL-April 2016 to Present• Implements virtual network testing environments for vulnerability analysis • Installs, secures and patches Windows Domain and Ubuntu Linux servers • Assists students and peers with system installs, updates and troubleshooting • Identifies vulnerabilities and hardens systems to reduce exposure to threatsWeb Designer, Academic ProjectUSF Computer Security Club - Tampa, FL-August 2016 to January 2017• Designed, tested and published web pages as part of final project • Implemented web standard technologies and content management strategies • Maintained, styled and managed production and development websitesEducationBachelor of Applied Science in Information StudiesUniversity of South Florida - Tampa, FLMay 2018Associate of Science in Computer Information AdministrationHillsborough Community College - Tampa, FLMay 2016SkillsActive Directory (3 years), Apache Web Server (2 years), Bash Scripting (1 year), Git (1 year), Wordpress CMS (Less than 1 year), HTML (5 years), CSS3 (4 years), Ubuntu (4 years), Network Security (2 years), PHP (Less than 1 year), Microsoft Office (5 years), Open Office (2 years), Linux Security (2 years), Wireless (4 years), Network Management (3 years), SQL (2 years)Certifications/LicensesCompTIA A+Entry level IT certification suitable for support representatives and system administrators. Manage and troubleshoot Unix/Linux/Windows/Mac server and desktop systems.CompTIA Network+Advanced system and network administration, maintenance and troubleshooting of desktops, servers, routers, switches IoT devices and other network nodes.CompTIA Security+Level 3 IT certification and DoD requirement for employees, this cert ensures understanding of network and device security. Focuses on system hardening and network defense against The Advanced Persistent Threat.Email Network Security AnalystDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 18, 2018©2018 Indeed
Computer TechnicianPut togther, took apart and repaired computers. Installed and repaired operating system such as linux and ubuntuEducationHigh school or equivalentCertifications/LicensesIC3Email Computer TechnicianDownload ResumeSave ResumeForward ResumeUpdated: June 3, 2018©2018 Indeed
